"You will surely be able to understand and speak the language, and you will be able to learn and communicate with others."
Ehud, you are very welcome. I am in Dalhousie in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and I am a senior healthcare worker. I am working to improve the health of people with diabetes at the Canadian Diabetes Association scientific clinic.
I am not well, and I am not able to use insulin or pills, because I have Type 1 diabetes, and I cannot have any significant discomfort.
Sara Danius, permanent secretary of the Nobel Literature Committee of the Swedish Academy, announced on Sveriges Radio that, although she was not part of the committee that awarded it, she was the one who decided, and she stated that Bob Dylan was the winner, and that the Nobel Prize in Literature for the year 2016 was awarded in recognition of his poetic achievement.
Danus, I tell you: "The time of great difficulties is coming. People will be separated and will be lost, and they will be suffering because of the writings. I am very sad, because I do not see a good way to help, and I am very worried."
Jamie Siminoff, a director known for his pioneering work, was a very successful person who, at some point, established a company with the aim of managing and distributing the flavors of chili peppers, and he was not asked to participate in the main project as well.
The WiFi password does not work.
Siminoff, I'm telling you, in 2013, in that Shark Tank episode, I'm going to invest in you and give you money so that you can increase your business, and I won't ask for anything in return.
In 2017, the Siminoff family was searching for a house, and they were featured on QVC.
The ring is a product of ADT Corporation and is available for purchase in that specific place.
They are taking the sick people with Ebola to the health center, and they are also taking the dead bodies to the same health center to bury them.
I am looking for a place to rest, so I will try to find a comfortable spot where I can lie down and get some sleep, because the pain in my body is bothering me.
Palm, ZMapp, and the yant'ax (a spiritual tool) will help you. Because of this, you will be able to overcome the hardship, and in doing so, three people will be able to work with you.
USA Gymnastics, because of the Olympic games in the United States, has been working hard to achieve success in the Olympics and has been striving to overcome all obstacles, and they are very happy.
You should return to your home, and after you return, the spirit will come to you and give you a very beautiful and helpful light.
The USA Gymnasiums are helping to train you, and because of that, Larry Nasar, in his own way, is working to make you stronger, so that you may be able to achieve your goals and succeed.
The USA gymnastics team participated in the USOC and won many medals, and the gymnastics team was able to achieve its goals by working hard and being dedicated.
In 1960, Maranxa said that Brzezinski, through Jhon F., connected with Iraq, Kennedy, and Lyndon B. Johnson to fulfill a plan.
In 1976, I was deeply concerned about the politics, and that in 1977 and 1981, the Asisur National Security (NSA) and Henry Kissinger were involved.
Regarding NSA Carter's visit to your country in order to strengthen your relationship, regarding your visit to Camp David in 1978, as well as the relationship between the United States and China in the 1970s; the Iranian revolution in Iran in 1979, as well as the Soviet presence in Afghanistan until 1979.
Because of/thanks to Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, they are all able to easily accomplish their goals.
Gosling and Stone asked the actress to say something.
I have brought you, beautiful people, Irptiri, Sini, Isi, Pilikula, Mayni Pachpa, for the purpose of rejoicing, to celebrate the coming of the new year, to celebrate the end of the old year, to celebrate the coming of the new year, and to celebrate the coming of the new year.
The movie "Audition (The Fools Who Dream)" and "City of Stars" are similar in that they both tell stories of pursuing dreams, and Lionsgate will release them on February 26th, and they are both quite different from each other.
The United States, I see Donald Trump, he is working and he is working, he is delivering a message to the city of Libya, I am very happy that he is working.
Father Trumpax, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, the Turkish people are waiting for your decision.
Turkey is not strong enough to defeat ISIS, and Europe does not want to involve itself in the conflict, but they are watching closely.
And because of you, I don't know where to go, the writing is not good, and because of that, all my efforts are in vain, and I don't know how to be happy anymore.
And because of the coming darkness, the bright moon will shine again.
Even though I am longing for you, I will be able to understand your intentions.
They say that the dinosaur's appearance wasn't very beautiful, but its strength was remarkable – its beard was in the front – and it would hit other animals with its horns, and it would make a rumbling sound, it was said.
That thing is a problem, that thing cannot be resolved by not being aware of it, but rather by working together, through the connection of the four directions. That problem affects all people, and it does not affect children.
They say that a dinosaur was found in the quarry, and that it is possible that a large dinosaur might be revealed.
Gaziantep, Turkey, from that place, the snow is falling heavily, and the cold is affecting people, and the wind is blowing strongly.
You are a good person; I respect you greatly.
The large (ISIL) group is constantly fighting.
The sun, our father, is helping the children to grow and become strong, and teaching them to work with their hands. And the world is helping them to be able to do that.
You will be able to return to your community, to your relatives and your ancestors, in the morning, by embracing and with the sun.
You are very skillful, Rossby, I don't want to get angry, and my desire is to be with you.
You are welcome, I will help you with the work of the new house.
You should not steal or take what belongs to others; in Tibet, a person is punished for stealing, and in Nepal, a person is imprisoned and fined, and in India, they are even sentenced to death.
It works with both 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies.
Akax 802.11a, 802.11b, 802.11g, and other wireless devices are compatible with this frequency range.
802.11n is a technology that allows for faster data transfer and is used for devices like routers and computers, achieving speeds up to 600 Mbit/s.
Duvall, I am deeply worried that the future of our children is not being considered by Miller and others, and I want to ask you about it.
I am going to the market, Miller says: "Mike is not going to be able to come... If you see him, tell him that I am not coming to the capital."
The increase in carbon dioxide supports the calculation of GDP from March 2005 to March 2020, as shown in the following chart.
Because I didn't have the strength to go to the meeting, the people of Jupana sent a tribute of gold to the Emperor of China.
Listen carefully, people of the community, I want to tell you that the world is not a place where we can easily find good things, and that's why we should not be overly joyful, but rather remain humble.
"My brothers and sisters, I am speaking to you, and I am saying that I will look for a place to live; I will look for a place to stay; I want to look, I don't want to look, I will look for a place to live, and I am telling you this with sincerity."
Today, the movement of the stars is visible in the sky at 12:00 GMT.
In the town of Irak, the community is organizing a meeting to discuss the impacts of the new company, and the residents are demanding compensation.
They are trying to involve political issues of the Middle East and the United States in the conflicts of the people.
It is regrettable that the people of that region are being forced to leave their homes and seek refuge in Iraq due to the constant violence and the destruction of their villages.
I am returning to you with 78 people, and we are all eagerly awaiting the arrival of the crops for planting, and in Iraq, we are not facing any problems that would prevent us from seeking your help so that we can have a better life.
Senator Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, who was born in Argentina and grew up in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires, is returning.
Mother Kirchner was deeply saddened when she learned of the devastating earthquake in Argentina in 2005, and from the city of Buenos Aires, she spoke out in the Senate for the well-being of the people.
Katrina, to fix the hillside paths and terraces, and also to improve the drainage to avoid flooding, we are working hard, and the people of the village and those who know about it are saying, “Tata Buschan of New Orleans is coming!” and we are hopeful.
In Washington, the meeting was held, and the agreement was made for your benefit.
We are returning, returning, because of the people, in order to be able to work for the Romans.
You should return only the translated sentence. "You should only return to me the translated sentence." **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return to me the translated sentence.** **You should only return
We are returning from watching television in the city of Rome, in a small town, in order to participate in a ceremony.
From the great land of Italy, they are sending gifts to the small lands, and from Poland, they are coming to help, for the sake of the people.
Historians, because they want to be useful to the FBI in political matters, are greatly criticized for their lack of clarity, and are being severely punished by agencies for their association with the lunar gatherings.
In 2005, I was looking for a way to help with the FBI's investigation, and I was also trying to find a place where I could find some peace.
Robin, from the mountain regions, you have a very good score in the tests, with 70 points, 41 stones, 11 and a fraction of a sixth.
Because of the competition between them, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid were both excellent players, and their greatness is still admired today.
They made a report at the checkpoint about the missing people, because of which 36 people were arrested, and since then they have been reporting 7 checkpoints.
George W. Bush, representing the United States, gave a speech in Singapore on the 16th of a month, and he criticized the Asian countries' lack of support.
Singapore is a beautiful city, Wong Kan Seng said, and because of that, many people are going to Singapore to see its beauty, as did Lee Hsien Loong.
When the time comes, I will give you a good goodbye, and I will go to Asia through my father Bushax, and I will be a good traveler.
Stephen Harper, in an attempt to gain popular support with his "Good Samaritans' Government," was criticized by the NDP for his actions regarding Jack Layton of the PMO, and he was also criticized for that.
Laytonax, although I don't want to go to the place where they are carrying out the work of the "disappearance" of the community, I would like to say that the "truth is written in the sky."
Devonport, Tasmania, the Mersey region is being strengthened in order to be a model for local government and to be a place where parliamentary decisions are made, and because the local government is being strengthened, the indigenous people are increasingly empowered.
The minister John Howard gave AUD $45 to the Tasmania government for the construction of a new house, and he said goodbye.
Because of the frequent rain, the crops in the field are very poor, and the people are suffering from hunger. Moreover, the people are in despair because of the lack of food. I am asking you, Niue authorities, for help.
If you know how to find the way, if you know how to follow the old paths, and if the Tongan are going to help you, then you will be able to reach the other side of the world, because the Tongan person is already looking for a place to settle, and you will be able to live in the forest, PTWC is the cause.
I will return to Hawai'i, and I will be celebrating all the mysteries with my relatives every Wednesday.
The stars are shining, George W. Bush is a bad leader and the world is suffering.
Bush, Gordon Johndroe, the US ambassador to South Korea, said “I am ready to work towards the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.”
Atlantico's great storm, Subtropical Jerry's great storm is approaching the Atlantic Ocean.
The town is being searched, and I won't be able to see Jerry.
My heart is 6 inches away, and even though I am far from the USA, the engineers of Tamankiri are very concerned.
You must return to your home, and your relatives will welcome you. Because the people of the Llätunkïr region are waiting for you, Katrina, you have 20 days to prepare.
You should return to the same place where you were searching, and 100 people will gather in the plain.
Wikimedia Commons, Adam Cuerden is responsible for removing images that violate the rights of others, and now WikiNews is also being used to track those who upload them.
"[Winds] are blowing strongly. Therefore, the community will be disturbed. Therefore, the food will be destroyed by the rain, because it is falling heavily."
You should return to your community and tell them that the rules of the government are being broken. Because of these rules, men and women are being arrested and punished, and they are being punished in a way that is as severe as the government's punishments.
Return your writings, and I will show you the Galaxy of Sagittarius, and I will show you what it contains in your writings.
If you are suffering from a serious illness, seek help from the healer, from the upper world and the lower world, and also from the greater world, and perhaps you will find relief.
The people of the cosmos are traveling through the Milky Way galaxy towards the Sagittarius constellation.
If you are not going to come, and the one who is in charge of the central area is going to be delayed, you will be angry, and you will be very upset.
You will return to your place: you will shine like the Galaxy, and from there you will not be able to return. Look for a good destiny.
I am going to return to my father's house to study.
The earth is suffering because of the plants, and they are causing the world to become unbalanced, and they are making people sick, and they are destroying the water and the land, and they are causing a great disturbance.
The nuclear waste is dangerous, and the radioactive elements from it are harmful to our health.
They did not allow the containers of uranium fuel to pass, and the road was blocked.
Dr. Tony Moll examined a Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) case with a very severe form, in the province of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
I am looking for a way to return, because the new variant emphasizes "you are truly strong and you are truly weak, at a time when your soul is truly alive."
I am going to return to the village, and I will go to see Moll, so that the village people are aware of the situation.
I don't understand, I believe that in 10-15 people.
Ukampirusa, XDR-TB pursuit is increasingly affecting the health of many people; 330,000 people and 6,000 people in South Africa have died from it.
The satellites, which cost 1,000 pounds and travel 17,500 miles in a day, were orbiting at 491 miles from the Earth.
I am very happy that you have come to learn the language.
Because of the suffering of the people, I am saddened and I am looking for you, and I will not let you be without support, even if you are in difficulty.
United States Strategic Command, Department of Defense, you are being watched/monitored.
You should return the good news to all people, so that they may be happy.
Children of the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, you are all being informed that the medicine you have is excellent. Moreover, you are being taught how to take it properly, and it will be delivered to Ohio via plane.
To Malar Balasubramanian, 29 years old, of Ohio-Blue Ash, I send greetings from Cincinnati, 15 miles away, and I hope this letter reaches you well.
The Oldsmobile Intrigue 500 is a very fast car.
Ukawjanxa, Saroja Balasubramanian is giving a lecture, for 53 minutes, and after that, she will give a presentation.
You should return to the village, because there is a very important meeting happening there.
They are going to bring the words of the people to the center, to make everything clear and understandable.
If you are coming, we will be happy, and we will welcome you with a joyful heart.
Because you have already eaten, you should go to India and take care of your family, so that you can be healthy and happy, and you will be able to achieve your goals and fulfill your desires.
The townspeople are deeply worried and suffering greatly because of the silver mines and the way they are extracting the silver, and therefore the silver miners will help us to rebuild the town.
Because the market is crowded and people are looking for things to sell, they are not willing to give you anything, and therefore you will have to go to another place to find something to buy.
In 1956, Slaniax Suysya, who was a resident of the market, traveled to the Swedish Post Office in the third year and delivered mail.
Sweden, you have 28 people for 1,000 silver coins.
The people of Jupán are now having a meeting to discuss the postal workers and their issues. Your relatives in Jupán are not happy with the way things are being done.
In the year 2000, David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl, after having written the book "Swedish kings, the glorious rulers of the time," achieved a world record in the Guinness Book of Records with this name.
Listen carefully, my people, the silver is worth more than the gold that you have; and in Canada, from the 5th of July to the 10th of July, the Jilïr Irpirin will be held, and the people will gather to celebrate.
If you are worried about the weather, Gibson will bring a warm coat, and you shouldn't be afraid to go to the market.
Even if you are very skilled at making your clothes, you will not be able to sell them for a good price, because there are 64 old ones.
At 12:00 GMT, I will be waiting for you at the meeting place, and we will talk about the details.
Listen to me, my dear friend: “The world is for the old and the children, and for the wise and the brave.”
I am feeling sad because you are going away.
In the past, the people of the Uraqpacha region were looking for a way to improve their lives, and because they didn't have much knowledge, they started using technology, especially with the help of Bali and other related things.
In this time, the Earth is experiencing a time when people are increasingly seeking support, so the UN is trying to gather funds.
He/She/It will bring the cloth and the blanket, and will also be able to find a place to sleep, and will also be able to find food.
He/She returned the woman, and because of that, she didn't show it/them/him/her, and wrote it down. (Note: The sentence is a bit grammatically complex and can have slight variations in interpretation. The translation aims for clarity and accuracy.)
If you want to return to the beginning, you will be able to see the women who are looking at you, and you will be able to find your way to the place where you were looking, so you will be able to fulfill your desire to have children and raise them well.
After finishing the work, we will bring the colorful fabrics and then with 40 llamas we will carry that load to the village, and we don't want to be bothered by the small ones.
Your relatives and friends will not be able to understand or find a way to help you with this, and you will not be able to speak about it.
At 10:00 MDT, the scent will be here by 11:00, and I will be very happy to see you all again.
Mawia, the time has come to take care of the young ones, and to properly teach them to live in the world, so that they may be able to fulfill their destiny.
Tonight, I will be waiting for you until 11:35 pm, and then I will go.
In 1963, the president of the territory was removed from power, and we didn't want to speak out, but now we are all trying to get him to return.
You should return the gold to those who own it, and you should not work with people who are not your relatives.
Because of you, the wealth of the people is being stolen and I am suffering because of it, and because of that, my heart is burdened.
I am grateful to you and to all those who are working to improve the lives of the people, and I ask you to continue to support us.
The tsunami reached the coast and caused devastation in the villages, and from Jakarta, the tsunami warnings were issued, but the tsunami did not reach the villages; the 6th, 5th, and other cities were not affected.
I am very happy that you came to visit me, and I will not forget it. The people of the earth and the people of the heavens are celebrating and rejoicing for you.
Winfrey is a very famous person and she is respected and admired by many.
I don't want to be scolded for doing it badly. Because all of you are a very bad group, and that's why you are going to be punished.
Namibians, because of the election results, many people are celebrating Hifikepunye Pohamba's victory and are rejoicing in the future.
Inti Jalant Ch'iqatuq, the SWAPO mark is located in Africa, and its government is working to address the problems and improve the lives of the people.
They are repeatedly asking the coalition, "Why do you release Afghan women, and why do you keep them in a situation of suffering, without any guidance or support, and without considering the well-being of the community?"
We are going to leave the small, beautiful store because of a hostile fire that is happening there.
The world is not ending, that day the new sun will rise and bring light to your life, and that darkness will not be able to overcome you.
Angola charity, Medecinas Fronterizas and World Health Organization, are working together to provide medical assistance in the region.
Without borders, Richard Veerman, you are very welcome: "Angola is not a place where one can easily travel, and neither will you ever be able to walk here," he said sadly.
At 10:00, we will be welcoming you with a beautiful reception, a great feast, and a celebration with music, and we will be distributing 7 rugby jerseys to you.
I am coming from Africa, I am a messenger, with the support of the ancestors, on June 26th, 2000, from Zambia, we are sending this.
I am returning to my homeland, but I do not want to be a leader or chief. I only want to be a simple person.
Because of your courage, your beautiful spirit, and the ability to overcome hardship, I will use this small object to strengthen my love for you, so that you may always be with me in your entirety.
I am very sad, because the city is not a place where I can meet or go to the great city of Amsterdam, where the Anne Frank House is.
To be able to give you something, I will return, and in that, a small, judicial problem will be understood as something for you.
I am looking for a place, whose name is "Bright Pile," between 100 and 250 people (between 328 and 820 people roughly).
Even though they are looking for someone to help them, they don't want that person to continue working, because they are embarrassed.
I am very happy to be with you, and I will always remember our meeting.
"Thermal behavior, while not yet fully understood, is being studied to better predict the impact of this thermal activity, which is causing melting," says Glen Cushing of the United States, Astrogeology Service, Geology (USGS), and the University of Arizona, in an interview.
France has, regarding its people, coldness, not a single technology because of it; it is capable of giving a new solution, to build a beautiful future, even if they are criticized, it will still be the same.
If you are going to bring the offerings, then you will be able to perform the ritual, and the offering itself, that particular llama, will be brought to the altar to be sacrificed.
Francesan is doing a good job.
In 1988, because of the illness and the suffering of the people, the people who were experiencing the illness, the people who were suffering from the illness, did not want any more hardships, and they did not want any other problems, nor any other kind of suffering.
You should return the debt to the person who lent it to you, and with that, you will be able to feel at peace. Those who organize and manage the community's people, who are responsible for the work, should maintain the established order.
ASUS Eee PC, which was very popular and widely used for studying and for carrying around, was launched in Taipei, Taiwan in 2007.
And also, because of their commitment, ASUS was awarded the 2007 Taiwan Sustainable Award and also recognized by the Executive Yuan of the Republic of China.
"I understand that the large, important, and powerful leader has achieved great success and is now speaking with authority."
They are not returning, TogiNet Radio will broadcast it and then it will be good to see, but the one that has already been broadcast will also be broadcast.
In 2015, all the TogiNet and AstroNet radio stations were switched off.
I want to travel to Texas to see the setting sun with my family, and I will be happy to see it.
Having learned the important things from the land and the water, and knowing that I can't go to Bishkek to work, I will not be able to go.
In Bishkek, the "anarchy" that you speak of is not a path to a good life, but rather a way to cause trouble and a source of sorrow and misery for all.
You should return to Bishkek and quickly tell them what happened.
The South African All Blacks (from New Zealand) played Rugby Union Tri Nations at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium, located in Rustenburg, South Africa.
Regarding the entire tournament, from the 21st to the 20th, the All Blacks will be playing 15 matches in total.
The Springboks will celebrate their third victory this year.
I am sorry, but I cannot provide a translation of the Central Aymara sentence you provided. My current capabilities do not include accurate translation of languages other than English. If you'd like to provide an English sentence and have it translated to Central Aymara, I would be happy to assist you. There are specialized resources and experts available for Central Aymara translation. You could try contacting linguistic departments at universities or searching for professional translators who specialize in this language.
They are waiting for me in Johannesburg, at Ellis Park, to celebrate, but also for the Springboks to be defeated by Australia.
I will return to the village, and at 10:08 AM, the sun will be rising.
The United States Geological Survey (USGS) in the province of Yatiya, I am not going to teach you or inform you about the ways of the people.
From Dillon, he walked 20 km (15 leagues) towards the east, and when the sun was high, from Butte, he walked 65 km (40 leagues) towards the east.
If you have contact with someone who has H5N1, you should immediately inform your health authority, and thus the Ministry of Health will send a team to investigate the outbreak, as I will go to Lyon, France.
The Union Europea is establishing a data hub in the regions of Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece, and Italy.
That H5N1 virus is spreading, threatening Croatia, Denmark, and potentially other countries, and it's not good.
Chambers, we ask you to return the things that belong to us, our life, and all that is contained within them.
Tata Chambersax said, "You are still alive," "The sun is shining, the moon is shining, and you will be saved," and he wept with sorrow, because he could not find anyone to help him.
France operates without Camille Saint-Saens's support, and she said, "I want to see what will happen if I go to Japan and apply what I have learned."
They are returning the cannabis, and the people of the black theater are dancing and celebrating because of it.
Return Arsur Newt Gingrich and Rick Perry, and with Michele Bachmann, let's together destroy the system, and the weak and the strong.
If you return to the village, Gingrich will greatly praise Satorum, and Romney will not be able to get any support; he will try to make Gingrich have a bad reputation.
According to Pastor Perry, they will be going to Texas to plant the Gospel, and also to preach in the chijllañ (a place) of Carolina del Sur, because they will be leaving on the 21st of this month.
Mama Bachmannax, the straw poll is over; the people have decided to end the drought.
Ronald Reagan, the father of UCLA's Qullañ Utaru, is no longer here; he is with the ancestors.
I'm going to return to my village in 20 days, and I won't listen to Bieber's music: "I will not be happy, I will not be content, even with the people around me."
Because of the TMZ reports, people are saying that the people who were supposed to be at Sepulveda Boulevard are not there, and they are saying that they are going to look for them, and they are still looking, and they are still going to look in California because that's where they are, and they are still searching for them.
Because the young people are being deceived, they are acting foolishly and are being misled by those who are older, and they are not understanding it.
You should return the item/thing you borrowed; it is not appropriate to take other people's belongings without asking.
Anna Jochemsen, from Finland, competed in the Super-G, and Katja Saarinen from Katja Saarinen also competed in the downhill race.
Mitchell Gourley, from Australia, is a Super-G skier who achieved a remarkable result. Oldrich Jelinek, from the Czech Republic, is a skier who achieved a significant result in the downhill race.
Arly Velásquezaw, Super-G, is being sought in the area, and he is going to Mexico. Adam Hall is also being sought in the area, and he is going to New Zealand.
Maciej Krezel, representing Poland, achieved a Super-G victory, finishing in the top three. Jong Seork Park, from South Korea, also achieved a top-three finish in the Super-G.
You should return the gold that was taken from the temple in the year 2010, which was stolen from Haiti, and bring the stolen objects back.
Because of the loan, the UN is helping to prevent it, and it will use its resources to rebuild the banks of the Artibonite River, and this will give the Ayiti region a very good income.
"They were looking for something in the market, in Haiti, 18 people were searching, but they didn't find that specific thing."
After the earthquake, we were able to help Nepal and Haiti. We provided aid to the people of Haiti, offering food, clothing, and shelter. We also helped those affected by the earthquake in the country of Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, representing the UN, is working with peace forces to promote peace and reconciliation.
Hamiltonax is sitting, looking at the mountains, with the sun and the stars.
We know that Nigeria has the disease, and we fear that Ebola will also be here.
When the rain falls on the mountains, the wind will blow from the north, and it will bring water to the land, and that is when it will be good.
The Simpsons are watching, and we are showing Simon the things that are happening.
In 1980, I watched it on the channel that showed the Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989, many people from Los Simpson were angry with Groening, and many were saddened by the death of their relatives.
In 1993, we saw the hardship, and we were searching for a way to overcome it, and the people who were suffering were all constantly speaking of the difficult and painful events that occurred.
The Chinese state news agency Xinhua reported that the Nayrüruna were able to move a large amount of ash.
We are returning from the city of Wupampina, having gone to the area where the roads are being built, and we are also going to Afghanistan and flying to the city of Kandahar.
They are coming from Afghanistan, Ürümqi, and the surrounding areas, wanting to gather and meet with their relatives.
He/She/It went to Iran to take refuge from the war, and is now seeking help from his/her/their people.
You should return the coins that you have taken, and you should not lie to the main authorities.
Because I saw the police, three people were chasing and attacking another three people.
They killed the chief, and from the province of Iran, they took away many people, and those people, as Armenians and Sarkas, were killed, 168 people in total.
In this place, the people are gathered, and they are looking for a way to find a solution, and they are concerned about the well-being of the people.
Aerosmith, may you have success in your endeavors; that is my wish for you.
People are returning from the states of the United States and Canada to the 16th day of the month.
Steven Tyler is a popular figure, admired by many, but he doesn't like to be seen with his past experiences.
Greetings to you, I am grateful for your kindness, and because of that I am happy to be with you, and Murray is giving a gift to me.
Return to the Potro's place, and then come to my place, and we will meet at 6:00 PM.
Please return the money you took, and I will be angry if I have to complain about it.
You should return by 8:30 p.m. Central Time (15:00 UTC).
Markpachat, the beautiful/important/honorable person, is in the world to give a speech, and the speeches are very good.
Jaylliri Sanju Sharma is deeply saddened, and it is Jai Shankar Choudhary's fault. Because of fifty devotional songs, it is deeply regrettable. Raju Khandelwal is also saddened.
Ukatxarux, Lakkha Singh's bhajans are good to listen to.
108 offerings were made for Chhappan Bhog (56 kinds of food, sweets, savory foods, fruits, and other delicacies). Baba Shyam is pleased with your offerings.
Lakkha Singh sings fifty-six devotional songs on his blog. Raju Khandelwal.jayllir chikt'ata.
If you're going to the United States, you should definitely visit Nintendo's headquarters (Saturo Iwata) to see the little Nintendo Revolution console.
When you experience a change, you experience a change with the same essence, and that change is also a change that will help you understand the change with the same three sensors, because it will be understood by the fourth.
I am grateful to you and all the people who are working to create a better future for our community.
Giancarlo Fisichella will not be able to participate in the race because his car is damaged.
Fernando Alonso, you are punished for your actions, and you will suffer the consequences of your deeds; you will not be able to see the world anymore.
Michael Schumacher is better than Fernando Alonso, and I don't want to see him [or her/them] [fail/be defeated] in the race.
"He/She/It is being searched for, and they are looking for it/him/her with worry."
I will return to the city, and I will look for you there.
I need to return 3 potatoes, and I want to give them to you so that you can cook them and eat them.
You are welcome to travel and walk with us.
"My dear, the world is not ours." This is what Tata N. Wayne Hale Jr. said, and what NASA's correspondence reveals, that they are striving to achieve breakthroughs.
I am going to return home, the wind is strong, and it is 70 km/h... the road is slippery, and it is difficult to travel, the rain is falling heavily, and the road is difficult to cross, I am scared, and I don't know what to do.
Armand Versace said: "For the good of all, and so that two people might be relieved and others not be harmed, those people will be at peace and at rest, and those people will be in the darkness."
The Kashiwazaki-Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata is being reported by NHK.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co.uk has not yet permitted the use of the nuclear power plant in the Plata to be used for electricity generation.
I am returning to the village to give thanks and to share with you all, and to tell you the truth.
You should return immediately and not delay any longer. The railway workers are not going to let you go, and Ishikawa will be at Noto airport waiting for you.
You have to return to the place where you were, and you will find a very large, beautiful bird.
The government is going to give us three salaries.
I am going to the market to buy some food, and I will return with 30 potatoes to sell; and I won't do anything else.
Cyanuric acid and melanin, when combined, do not produce a strong reaction.
The great elder, even though he is tired, is trying to bring the old ways back, and to make the power of the ancestors manifest, he is strongly urging us to be careful and mindful.
Having taken the uric acid with melanin, and having mixed it with a yellow color, it is stored for the purpose of healing.
The FTIR (Fourier Transform Infrared Spectroscopy) analysis of the sample indicates that the crystal structure is present in the surrounding area.
If you don't want to, then because of Central America, I will go and carry out this work in this region without being bothered.
From Central America, the people who are in charge are taking three kinds of things, with a lot of effort.
I will return to you, but I will not go to you.
You will help me return the woven cloth, and I will thank you for it.
In California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, as Governor, was a man of the people, and he wanted to build a bridge to the future.
In California, I told them that "18" is the number of people who, having been registered, are going to receive $1000 from the government and I want to do it according to the regulations.
The Attorney General, along with Irptiri, Kier Starmer QC, Huhne, and Pryce, are requesting a recount.
Huhne, the people of the province of Cochabamba, and the Cabinet, through ED Davey MP, have addressed the issue of the planting of the land. Furthermore, Norman Lamb MP, following Davey's initiative, will be leading the inspection.
Huhne ukjamarak Pryce was scheduled to appear at Westminster Magistrates Court on February 16th.
Jan is going to see Nicholas Alden on March 25th, and Zachary Cuddeback on March 21st, and he is going to help them. Cuddeback will be looking for something.
Edgar Veguilla is praying for protection so that, with Kristoffer Schneider's help, he can find a good job.
I am going to find it, and I will put the cloth on the altar. Schneider is very sad, a single, small, and very beautiful flower with a broken stem, and I am going to take it to the house and keep it there.
Schneider, representing the USAF, and Yuriw are not able to have a videoconference because of the storm.
On Wednesday, the weavers will go to Carpanedo to sell their goods and trade, and they will be very happy.
You should return, and I will gladly show you everything. And I have 116 days left, and I will meet you at 36 places.
I am returning to you, gigantic slalom and the woman who is in the downspout, I will give you a good word, 4:41.30, in the current time, 2:11.60, in the little [time] I will do [something], Claudia Loesch from Austria, I will give you a good word, 1:09.02, Gyöngyi Dani from Hungary.
Don't take the 45 people who are looking for the lost ones, and the 117 Slalom Giants won't take the lost ones either.
You are welcome to return to the place where you are comfortable, and we will make a good agreement.
Here's the English translation of the Central Aymara sentence: "Go back, my people! Five people have died, and those people are not allowed to enter Switzerland."
Father, powerful father, brave father, great father, and Wishnu, I offer this to you.
Chandra Shekhar Solanki, the strong and skillful leader, is deeply respected and remembered by the people of this region, and his legacy continues to inspire us.
You have to return the belongings of those people who have given you a house, and you will be able to walk around; otherwise, I will not let you take anything.
You, (plural), should take the cloth and tie it with a small knot.
I'm looking for a return of the translated sentence only. "I am asking you to return the Audi TT, which you stole in the past, and to give back the money you took from me."
James Paget, the great doctor of Qullaya, returned from Great Yarmouth.
Jupax Addenbrooke Hospital Cambridge, we are going to visit it.
The tribunal sheriff ordered the extradition of the accused to Edinburgh to face justice.
You are welcome to come back, I will make you feel welcome and show you the land. But it is important that you understand that the good things that are happening to people are not all equal; some are better off than others. And therefore, when the time comes, you will be able to help those who are suffering.
The United Kingdom, in its own way, is very beautiful, but Scotland is even more beautiful, and because of that, people who go to Scotland take many photographs, but they don't show them because they are ashamed.
Pamela Ferguson Dundee, the Elder, said, "You should not take away a woman's life, because in the future, when you are old and have many children, you will regret it."
If you are worried about it, we will all gather to talk and find a solution for the good of the community.
That year, the political situation was unstable, and the decision to dismantle the Inti Jalsu Chika settlement in 1967 was made, as if it were a Palestinian issue, and they were encouraged to learn from that experience.
Jerusalem will be a place of peace for the people, and the land of Jordan will be irrigated and will not be barren, and your descendants will be satisfied.
Israel is increasingly giving support to the Palestinian people, and is planning to send a delegation to Palestine.
Because you are going to look for a new one, I will go to the market.
The Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc. is requesting a return of the ammunition, as per the Sporting Shooters Association's regulations.
Mick O'Flynn, representing Conservation and Heritage of the NPWS Park, is working diligently to protect the natural beauty of the mountains and the surrounding areas, and to educate the local community.
Martellyx, I am going to the Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) to vote.
The Provisional Electoral Council fixed the date, and Martelly will do it on the 17th.
You are welcome to return, for the stone of the ancestors is a sacred object to us, and those who have knowledge of it will be able to see the future and speak with the spirits.
You should return to your town, and you will forever be able to live in your ancestral lands, and that is it.
In the year 2011, we didn't manage to get the approval of the people who were against it, and we are returning to the starting point.
Sixty Ipods are being taken away from the community, and we are asking for them to be returned to the community and to the people, and to be used for the benefit of the people.
They took the people from the market, from Qullqituqita and Kamanixa, and from Alakipa and Yänak Luraña (METI, including the morning), and 27 people were killed, they say, with sorrow.
You are welcome, I will go to the market and I will buy 34 bags of potatoes and I will sell them, and I will have money to buy food and clothing to eat.
Apple, according to "there is no reason in the world," the Ministry of Health has announced a warning.
Mariana is going to leave at 7:19 AM, and the meeting will take place at that time in that place (GMT 9:19 AM, later).
They are telling me, from the office, that in the Northern Mariana Islands, I shouldn't do anything that could bring trouble to the land.
The tsunami caused great destruction; many people died and the earth shook violently, and the water rose high.
Manila, the capital of the Philippines, is not as large as Hong Kong, but a Filipino is likely to find a better life there.
Rolando Mendosax is showing the M16 rifle to the tourists.
You should return the belongings you took, and you should apologize for what you did.
They are looking for a place to rest, and the children of the village are doing things, and they are going to the Philippines from here.
They went to the market with a small basket and bought a bull. Mendoza bought a hat.
Liggins is now well and able to work, and the people of the village are celebrating with a festival.
I was sent to study, and then I worked at Auckland's National Women's Hospital in 1959.
You should go back to your place, Father Liggins, and for the sake of the children, and so that you might be able to help those who are suffering, you should carefully consider this matter.
Because of the cold, they are seeking a warm place to shelter the baby, hoping that it will not get sick.
In the event that the people of the city (or settlement) are in danger, they will come to the point of "no further return" and will also go to Xinhuankirin.
The women of Ch'axwi are learning Phaxsiru.
Tommy Dreamer said, "Luna, you are the queen of my heart. You are my manager. Luna, I will always love you, and I will always be with you. I will always be very happy." She was a very beautiful woman.
Dustin “Goldust” Runnels said, “Lunax, you are my beloved… in the midst of the fight… you are my strength and my courage… and I miss you so much.”
In 2010, the cost of food for 1,400 families in the region was 1.400 Bolivianos, and in 2008, 8 people from Australia and the United Kingdom were granted scholarships.
The people of Nayra, addressing Minister Julia Gillard, expressed their desire for Australia to become a republic, and in 2010, they held a major campaign to achieve this.
I will be grateful to you, and the 34th is that I will be able to see a good, simple, and three-story house, and I want to see the Queen Isabel II's flag in the territory of Australia.
Since the 29th, all of us have been in Australia, in the country, and we have been celebrating the republic. Since the 31st, we will be in Australia, but not celebrating the republic.
He/She/It will compete in the 100-meter and 200-meter races of the Commonwealth Games, and will try to win; if he/she/it is not able to win, he/she/it will try to be a good example for others.
He/She/It is able to finish the work quickly, and also to earn a living.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician who learned computer science and worked as an IT specialist in Missouri, recently found a group of prime numbers with a gap of 25 between them.
I am returning to you with the translated sentence: "I am returning to you with the knowledge that both the hardware and software of your devices are being used and that you are being taught how to use them."
I am upset that you are not helping me, and I will be very sad if you don't come to the meeting so that we can discuss it.
For the sake of the people, and for the sake of those who are suffering, may you remember and learn, and may your spirit be strengthened. You are a person of the world, and you will remember the suffering of the world.
Cuomo, 53 years old, will die soon; it is a terrible thing, and the suffering of the people is a strong government command.
"When the market is empty, we will go to the field and cultivate it; those people will cultivate the land."
In 2016, I was looking for a place to build a house and I was going to offer it to you.
In the future, the NextGen system will be available to all, and through its application, it will help communities to preserve their traditions and knowledge, and to learn from the past and work towards the future.
Satellite is using technology, advanced technology is looking through radar, in that way, in the future, the things that are being observed will be able to be seen with the help of some facilities and the things that are being observed will be able to be destroyed with the help of some weapons.
I don't want to return, and I won't go to Wembley, and I won't be able to find a place to stay near my family.
Because you have not returned the tool in the same place, and you have not taken care of it, the work of the owner will not be finished.
I am going to write down the place where the volcano, which is the main and most beautiful of the Galapagos Islands, is located.
The United States has a great scientist whose home is Princeton, and Sweden has a great scientist whose home is Uppsala, and because of this, the Galapagos species, specifically the Darwin's finch endemic to Geospiza fortes, as well as other immigrant finches like Pinzón and Geospiza conirostris, were studied.
Even if the sun shines and the stars are clear, we will awaken the small world.
Because I am a child and I have not yet fully grown up, I am still learning and I am also making mistakes. I am also making improvements and I am also growing.
Having carefully studied the small writings, I began to understand, and then I understood the meaning of the manuscripts, and because of that, I started to illuminate them, naming them "illuminated manuscripts."
The sun is shining brightly today. The child is playing with a ball.
The cabbage is sick and I don't know what to do; therefore, I am sad and worried.
This is a chemical compound called hydrogen water.
Hydrogen ion, because of protons, and because of electrons, it is called hydrogen ion which has a proton and electrons.
"I'm going to return the goods and the money, and the items and the loan, and I'll be grateful."
I am going to the market, but if I find something beautiful, I will buy it for myself.
Harapp, Mohenjo-daro, had a city with sophisticated toilets and a system for waste removal, including sewage systems.
The Greeks, thinking of their homeland Crete and Santorini, are trying to show the greatness of Crete.
You have returned from the market, and you are carrying some goods. In the village, you, carrying those goods, are going to sell them to all the people, especially the women.
You are being warned that you are taking a risk, and you are being warned that you are also being threatened.
The satellite is in the sky, it is shining brightly and is close to the Earth.
I am going to the market to buy a satellite dish. Because my family is waiting for it, I am very happy, and the whole world will be able to see it.
He wants a large, high-quality satellite dish, about 100 feet away from where the satellite is located.
Even though I am a descendant of Llantax, I want to take away your life. This Llantax, for the sake of your spirit, will send a messenger to help you to flee.
He/She/It will take you to the place where the beautiful/fine/good textiles are.
The people of Jupana have taken the lion and the wildcat, and they have brought the bones of the lions to the warriors, and they will hunt pumas and other animals in the mountains.
Everyone, the young people are gathering (in the plaza), and the young people are with the elders, and they are talking, and they are laughing, and they are sharing food.
You should return to your place, and I will surely dream of you with a beautiful love.
You should return to your relatives and tell them that you are going to be okay, and you should try hard to be a good person.
They buried three bodies in the mountain and, in doing so, they showed respect to the ancestors and to the children.
She is looking for her husband among the women, to find a beautiful, strong, and generous one.
He is looking for a place to hide, and with that, he is trying to find a safe place to sleep (as if he were a small, weak animal). He doesn't want to be found, and he doesn't want to live with that person anymore.
I am a person who loves people, even though I am not very beautiful, I try, and I am very happy to be able to have a good life, even if I am a little bit old.
The tiger (Panthera tigris) is hunting, and the leopard and jaguar are also hunting in this place.
I don't want to be embarrassed, and I want to be able to speak clearly.
I want to show respect to the elder with a small gift. Also, to the children, to the women, and to the relatives, I will give gifts. With the elder's respect, I will give a small gift to them.
The great elder told the people that soon the great lake will be full of fish, and they will return to their homes, remembering their ancestral traditions.
That beautiful jaguar, because of its strength, is hunting for food, and it’s very skilled at catching prey. That beautiful ocelot, because of its spotted coat, is strong enough to climb trees and it can also leap very high.
I want to go to a big city (in the capital), and I will work (having sold a small load of goods, without any remaining food, without any small woven cloth, and having sold all the remaining things) to support myself.
The one who has gone, the one who is leaving, and the one who is waiting for us, among those who are waiting, you are the one who is looking for a good path, and you are longing to see the spirit of the ancestors.
He does not want to go to the market, he wants to work in the fields.
Pachamama, we are returning to the land to give thanks for the harvests, and we will not let anyone take away our land.
Come back, so that you can speak in the community, because you are not living in that place, you are not with that community.
Listen carefully, you are showing disrespect, and because of that, you will not be able to achieve your goals. You are showing great arrogance and you are not considering the words I am speaking to you.
Humans exhale (expel) air, releasing carbon dioxide that humans also breathe.
Because of photosynthesis, the plant is growing and producing fruit. It's very beautiful.
When I am sick, I go to the doctor, and when I am healthy, I go to the market. To get medicine, I go to the pharmacy. Otherwise, I don't go to the market because I don't have money.
In this time, I am looking for a good person to live with, and I will not be unhappy; the good person will be able to look after me.
I am very happy, and I have 70 years of experience, and you are a very good person, but I don't like to be scolded.
You are not allowed to come, I will be very sad and I will be very upset. I am grateful for my parents, my great-grandparents, and for the people who are with me, I am very thankful for them.
You will return to your house and finish your work; The great bones of the Tyrannosaurus Rex are not for being used for decoration.
Even though I have been looking for you and constantly searching, I have been learning how to promote myself in the Roma region, among the poor, those who are ill, with the small ones, with the children, with the birds, with every kind of creature.
Because the people are suffering from hunger and poverty, and the poor people are not receiving good and adequate support, the community is not fully satisfied.
The Roma people came from the Americas, Asia, and went to Europe from the Pillars of Hercules.
I am sorry, I do not want to return to the village, to the market, to my house, and to the cacao with the Roman people, and I do not want to bring bad news.
The Babylonians, because of their many accomplishments, were very skilled at building houses, and all the people really wanted to live in their houses.
They will be able to make the sacred offerings, and they will be able to bring the blessings of the ancestors to the community.
They are all saddened, and because of that, they are gathering at a place, where they are intending to offer a sacrifice to the ancestors, so that the community may be sustained.
The old stone walls and pyramids are being restored to their former glory, and Zirurat, the chief, is very happy with the progress.
He/She/It will surely bring a bad omen.
The Middle East is not a place where we want to live.
The Hebrew woman is happily looking at the field with her colorful shawl.
The child is in the house, they are playing; the older ones are going to continue working. The youth will go to the market to buy things.
Can you return it, because the big ones are dying and I, being the last, am very sad.
The Greenlandic reindeer are hunting in the mountains. However, because Erik and his people had been studying the people of the island for a long time, the Aymara language had already spread and, when they were about to name the place, they called Greenland "the land where the reindeer live."
When the sun rises in the east, the people of Iskimalis will harvest the potatoes.
In all the regions "we are returning," the people of the eyes, of the returning, of the people of my country, of Spain, of Italy, of Portugal, of Romania.
The national treasure, which is what they are looking for, will be found when they are able to connect the map with the original text of the Declaration of Independence.
Ukhamarus, you should not leave. The one who writes the message, if he finds it, the Ukhamarus should not be bothered, and he should be respected.
In the record kept in the city of Tiwanaku, the scribes wrote: "The city of Tiwanaku was founded in the year 4,1776 according to the count of the people." The record was then stored carefully.
You are free to return to your place, and because of that, in the afternoon, I will be looking for you in the small cemetery (at 29 and ¾ Aymara hours to 24 and ½ Luk'ana hours).
You should return to your home, and remember your name and your lineage.
Because the water is very cold, they are gathering reeds and carrying them to France to sell them, but they are not able to sell them because the water is not enough.
Akx "Vichy" Francesa came to visit me. She was among the people who were affected by the epidemic, and she passed away in Alimanana in the year 1940.
In 1940, the Spanish Republic, with 15 brave people, in a way that the people of France were looking at the sun, gave the name "Dragon Sartawi" to the ship that was anchored.
From the United States and France, they are able to come to France and also to Germany to work.
If you are going to the sacred town of Siwilisacha, your relatives and friends will gladly welcome you and offer you a coca leaf.
The civilization of the Uka Arux, the Latin language civilization, used to be able to make people powerful. The Latin *civis* (citizen) used to be able to make people powerful. And that city, that civilization, wasn't just a city, it was a city-state, and it was ruled by a single chief.
He/She/It will definitely find a good person in the city. Because people are looking for a good place to live, they are building a very good and beautiful house for their children.
You should return to your village and tell everyone that the good news has arrived; no one should hide it, and you should tell the people about it.
They are returning to their land, the people of the region, and are also submitting articles to the council.
They (the people) do not meet to ask for water, and neither do they (the people) take ownership of the land, nor do they obey the regulations. Therefore, they will be punished, and those who are punished will not be respected by the people.
I don't understand the price, so I won't pay.
Even though I am able to see the people and the things that are in the world, I cannot see the spirits that are in the underworld, and I will not be able to complete all my tasks or fulfill my purpose.
In Italy, the people of Anatolia are very good at something; thanks to 2006, the people of Iraq experienced a very good reconciliation.
"I am going to play volleyball, fencing, rugby, cycling, football, hockey, and F1 kart racing, and I want to win."
The sun, shining brightly, illuminates the world; for those who have passed away, in the land of Italy, they are remembered with love, in the Olympic Games.
7,000 Japanese people are returning from that great land (from the area of the great mountain, specifically the island of Honshu), and they are all going to Japan, the first island of Japan, to visit the other world!
We are going to Japan and we want to say "archipelago" in Aymara.
Taiwan existed in the 15th century, and the indigenous people lived there. They called it Ilha Formosa, meaning "Beautiful Island," and they lived a peaceful life with the European people.
In 1624, from India, the Inti Jals (solar rituals) were performed, and the people of the Uraqin (a group of people) went to Taiwan, and they built a city and settled there. The solar rituals were intensified, and because of this, the people of the Uraqin, with the support of the rulers, continued to develop and prosper. In China, they established trade routes and engaged in sugar production.
In 1683, during the Qing dynasty (1644-1912), the Japanese attempted to conquer Taiwan, but ultimately failed. Later, in 1885, Taiwan became part of the Qing Empire.
In 1895, the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895) ended with the Qing dynasty signing the Treaty of Shimonoseki, ceding Taiwan to Japan, which was eventually reclaimed by China in 1945.
Machu Picchu has three main structures: Inti Watana, Temple of the Sun, and the Room of the Three Windows.
They are asking tourists to return the small, beautiful objects that were taken from them.
In 1976, the research team, after three attempts, finally managed to reach Machu Picchu.
I am returning to you, and in the last part of the moon, I am giving you this 35mm (film), so that you can process it and it will be properly developed.
You are scolded/reprimanded because of your actions, and because of that, the elders are running around, and they are looking for you.
For the Chiqpachanx 35mm, it doesn't work, but the 36mm is very good, and the 24mm is a bit weak.
And he said (that) the power of the Lord is with him (and) in him (and) through him, who creates the world and sustains it, according to the word. 3:2.
You are welcome to return your possessions (or things that belong to you), and in doing so, you will find peace, and your worries, and your sadness will be relieved.
He is going to look for a place to work, and he will work well, and he will eventually reach his goal, because he wants to improve his life, and he will work hard to achieve his goals.
You are not allowed to return to the same place, you are going to be very upset, and you will be sad because you are leaving. You will be able to see the world in a different way (a different feeling).
In the European part of the world, the Catholic faith is being lost, and with it, the traditional customs are fading.
When the world is in danger, people will use their knowledge to find a way to move to Europe and improve their lives. Return.
When the sun rises, it shines brightly on the land, and it gives warmth to all beings.
I am Christian, I am asking you to please forgive me, because I am suffering from my actions and I am not able to do things that are good for you, and because of that I am offering you this gift.
Great people, the church in Rome, stone by stone, they are building it, and they are also collecting money and valuable items, and they are speaking about the true state of the world.
We have to return to our homeland, and from there we will be able to ask the people of Great Britain for help to stop the suffering.
I am going to take you, and I will be very happy to see you and to help you with the work of the community, and I will also be happy to see your house and to work in your house, and you will be able to live in that very good house, that house.
You should return the belongings that you took from this person, and therefore you should not take the large stone from the house, and you should not cause further harm.
If you want to know about the future, go to the land of Germany and see the world of the new age.
In 1920, the drought caused the crops to fail, and people suffered greatly.
You should return all your belongings and go to your own town, because the people of all towns have their own belongings, and you shouldn't take or steal anything from them.
In 1884, Märanxa and Teslax, representing the United States, traveled to America, and the Edison company, from New York, established a branch there.
The United States marked with a 4-year debt, Charles Batchelor, a man from the province, published a letter and also a written statement (for the sake of a return) regarding Tomas Edison.
China, you are a small country, but you have a great destiny for the future, and certainly you will not be able to avoid the white man's influence.
We are collecting information from the communities of the provinces to understand your needs. At that time, we have a very good understanding of the Three Kingdoms, and in the year 160, we established a foundation.
I am deeply saddened by the situation; I don't know what to do anymore, and I am very worried about the future of our community.
You should return to your homeland, my dear child. For three times, I have sought you, and I have searched everywhere, even to the furthest reaches of the land where the people of Xi'an live, looking for you with a hopeful heart, and I have been desperately worried.
The people of Markachirina, with their political views, are trying to connect with the metric system and other republican and nationalist ideas, but a region can't simply be defined by its geographical location or by the people who live there.
The revolution, because of the demands of the women, has been able to overcome the old ways.
Because the little one is very tired, he/she cannot go to the market and, therefore, will not be able to have a good meal or even eat.
Because of the French Revolution's influence on the concept of nationhood, the people of the world are striving to establish their own state.
Muhammad, I ask you, and the world, to truly understand and appreciate the beauty of this creation. And as a sign of this, let a small, red, brilliant light named "Noor" (or "qhana") shine.
To the earth, I offer thanks, I ask for your blessing, that all the good things of Muhammad may be given to me.
I have finished my work, I am going to Mecca with my family, I will be very happy, and I will not leave without offering sacrifices.
I am tired, and I don't know what to do anymore. I don't understand what you are saying.
If you want to be satisfied with the beautiful cloth, then the beautiful cloth from the world will be a good gift to you. That young woman doesn't want anything else and doesn't want to ask for anything.
The large people of Takanax, in that region, are very well-organized and cooperative.
Christ will come in the third day, to take you from the darkness of Egypt, to the greatness of the Pharaohs and the Great Pyramid.
Giza is beautiful; it is said that "Giza Metropolis" in Egypt has great pyramids, and it is wonderful to see them and to admire them.
Even though Khufu pharaoh was buried with great treasures, and even though he was buried with precious belongings and with offerings in his afterlife, Khufu's wife was not buried with the nobles or with the soldiers.
"If you want to eat potatoes and corn, then you, who are always ready to eat potatoes and corn, should go and get some small, ripe corn, and that is what will happen."
I want to go to the market, I will buy a beautiful bow and arrow, and I will bring back a small amount of food.
I have gone to the market to buy food, and I am walking happily towards the town, with a lot of people.
When the sun sets in the west, the shadow of the mountain reaches the valley, and then the high mountain's shadow covers the valley, and in that way it becomes very beautiful.
In 1789, the people of the earth, with 6 weeks of drought, a great famine afflicted the motherland, and Louis XVI and María Antonieta, with their small children (María Teresa, born on March 11th, Luis Carlos, born in August) under Isabel's care, wanted to leave Versailles for Paris, but couldn't.
I was very happy that Rey and Reina, as representatives of the community, went to Paris to meet with important people.
He/She/It will return only after having finished working.
The king and queen were very angry that the Royal Guard, having killed him, were bringing his body to Versailles and were causing a lot of turmoil.
You will be able to see the imperialism of the dark Imperialism in the Philippines, the U.S. conquest of the Philippines was a way of gaining influence in the Philippines.
During the Colonial Regime in the United States, a tax was imposed, and it was not fulfilled or was not fulfilled completely. This resulted in the loss of all things, and in turn, the interests related to the bond, which was issued in the Philippines, were being collected by the Japanese to recover debts.
We are calling for the dismantling of the Filipino mark, so that the land, which has been conquered by imperialist forces, can be reclaimed by our ancestors.
To be able to meet the Templar, I will go to the place where I can find him, and I will be able to speak to him properly.
You are welcome to tell me about the High Middle Ages in Europe, specifically during the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (1000-1300 CE).
During the High Middle Ages, it began, and in the Early Middle Ages and the Late Middle Ages, all of it was a stratum from 1-1500 AD.
The world is being transformed by the power of the word; technology is both a tool and a shadow, and neither is truly technological, but rather a kind of human action that scientists undertake for the betterment of humanity.
Philosophical technology is not just about technological advancements, but also about the political and social consequences, and how they affect people's well-being.
Akhamawa, I am looking for a place where I can rest and feel peaceful.
You are forgiven, and I will not allow you to be harmed by the possessions of those who are angry with you. I will inflict punishment on those who are responsible for the harm, with a strong and firm hand.
Because I have been waiting and longing for you, and I have been eagerly waiting for the great blossoming of love, I am deeply saddened that you will not be able to fulfill it, and because of that, you are like a beautiful, radiant child, and I miss you deeply.
Romanticism's awakening, Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel were at the forefront.
"You should show respect to people, to the earth, and to all living things; and you should not undermine or disregard the rules and instructions of your elders."
In this time, I went to Paris to buy a beautiful dress, and I long to see the great city of Europe, and to go to Constantinople to buy a beautiful dress.
We are returning 400 llamas and 1100 sheep to you.
The rulers of the area were able to demonstrate their power in the 12th year, and from then on, they began to give crosses, silks, and spices as gifts, and furthermore, they, who were not very devoted, began to give jewels, and some Byzantine people began to teach them.
Now, with the help of the world, I am going to make Constantinople and Paris, and I will bring them back.
The Gothic style flourished in the realm of the Incas, and it began in the 13th and 14th centuries.
Even though I am a descendant of the Byzantine people, I will return to my homeland.
You are summoned, people of the town of Yatiyaw, to gather and meet at the place of the 25th of the month, 30th day.
During the Middle Ages, the Western European church focused on the names of the people and their locations. Many beautiful garments were also made and distributed through the church's influence.
If you have seen it, you will see it in the present, and that seeing, because of the water, it will be a beautiful thing to be able to do, for you.
To sustain life, the organic matter, which is used for the growth of the crops, is collected.
They are all gathered in the great city, and they are celebrating the first day of the new year, with much joy and excitement.
Because of the cultural values, people are destroying the natural world and are neglecting their traditions.
You will return the silver, and the gold, and the precious stones, and the copper, and the woman will be given to you as a bride.
I am skilled in many things, including linguistics, aesthetics, mathematics, politics, sexuality, geography, and other knowledge.
I am very happy that you are learning to work, don't be afraid, you will be successful, and your efforts will bear fruit.
He/She/It will return, they will return, but not to my house, not to my children. It is the return itself, and I will not be able to stop it. However, the one who is in pain, the one who is suffering, will return to the people.
The child said, "My coins, those are not gold." The precious coin was held in the person's hand (sometimes with the father's help); the precious silver coin of the child is not being stolen, and the father is not allowing it, and they are protecting it.
The great ones are grieving for their departed ones, and they are weeping, having been saddened.
You should return the favor, to give a gift to the mountain, to ask for things from Mother Earth.
I am returning to my land, with the wind carrying the scent of the mountains, the little child with the bright eyes is offering a gift (to you), but the cold is biting and freezing, and I am not going back because I don't want to be with those people.
When the sun rises, the mountains are bright and beautiful, and the shadows are cast on the scaffolding.
I do not want to return to the place where I was hurt, nor to the people who helped me in my sickness, nor to the place where I was healed, nor to the people who healed me.
Even though I have been working hard to learn, I am still not very good at computer skills, but I am learning Microsoft Office, and many skilled people are helping me.
You can easily learn to use this software to create and manage your own digital documents, which will be very helpful for your studies.
"Go back to your village, and bring the sheep, and the young ones, and the children, and also bring the small llama and the baby vicuña."
I don't want my children to suffer, to be sad, to not learn to make bread, but to learn to make bread themselves.
The person who is looking for the child is very worried.
You will return to your home and you will be able to see things clearly in the middle of the valley, good people, and especially your relatives.
You are not allowed to leave. I want to see you with a feather.
You should return the payment, so that everyone can easily get what they need.
Even though she is a beautiful woman, she is not able to be with you; therefore, she is patiently waiting, hoping for the day she will be with you.
Having said "I am going to work," and after having spoken, he/she/it tried to understand that internet was a tool (James et al. 1995).
"He is walking/going with confidence," and "It is good to give something to the beautiful person, and then to speak to them, because the one who is teaching is going to be tested, and they will be able to understand it."
To return the paper and hand it over to the person who gave it to you is very good and will strengthen your relationship.
Okay, here's the translation of the Central Aymara sentence: "Listen, my people, the good things are not easily obtained, and we must work diligently to achieve them."
Oliver Sacks, in his book, describes how people with neurological disorders often experience a heightened sense of wonder and appreciation for the world, even as they struggle with their conditions.
And so, to ensure the safety of the community and the continuation of our traditions, we are returning to our lands, and we are doing so with our names.
You should return the gifts you received, and you should work hard to fulfill your responsibilities. From where did you obtain them?
He/She/It will return to the village, and will celebrate with the people.
Because of the wind, the crops are withered, and therefore all the children are suffering.
The community has decided, this system will be implemented, and the primary goal is that everyone is able to learn and apply their knowledge for the betterment of their lives.
You are very knowledgeable and have a great spirit; you are not a weak person. You are sad because you are not able to do what you want, and you are looking for everything, to fill your soul with joy.
To return the favor/kindness, it's important to be careful and to have a good heart, because it will greatly benefit you and your relatives and descendants.
Maysatxa, you are not able to obtain the sustenance (corn, potatoes, quinoa) that the earth offers you, and therefore you cannot obtain amino acids, which are essential for your body.
Ukhamarus, in order to be able to preserve the past, the world's great powers are being used to gather the people; meanwhile, the people, through the great virtues of the community, are being awakened.
From the beginning of the world, the mountains and the earth were together, and they were nourished by the sun and the moon, and they were together, and they were also in harmony (10,000 years and 60,000 years).
Even if you don't want to, I will return to you even though I am very tired and have walked a long distance.
You must return the offering, and you will be able to prosper, and the gods will be pleased with you.
You have been warned, and I am looking at you, (I am watching you carefully, so that you don't try to deceive me and to avoid being caught because of your actions).
You are welcome to return to the community, to the place where the waters are gathered, to see the things that are happening, and to know that you are no longer suffering or in need, for that place is a place of gathering.
You are a very good person; you are truly a wonderful companion. Everyone is trying to help you with their work.
Having learned well how to move with the body, don't try to move without it, or don't feel a small, simple pain if it doesn't feel good.
Because the Tibetano (Tibetan) way of living is not well understood, they are increasingly seeking the spiritual teachings of India, particularly Yoga, in order to find a solution.
I am very happy that Kundalini Yoga, with its practices and sacred mantras, helps you to understand yourself.
Kundalini Yoga is practiced to awaken Kundalini energy (inner energy), to purify the body and mind, and to achieve spiritual realization through mantra recitation.
Regarding the divine yoga of joining the upper and lower worlds, even though one may have experienced difficulties, it is very good to strive for it; those who practice it, by means of a perfect and exalted spiritual effort, will surely attain a beautiful destiny.
Germany, in the land of the sun, greatly rejoices, and the USSR and the United States, from their respective places, are becoming ready to help. All the burdens are being taken away from the people.
I have returned everything, even though I am weak and sickly. I will not be able to see the people of the north, and I will not be able to live as a person. I have returned, but I will not live with the name of "returned person".
If you return, considering the 40 days of your journey, you will not find anything special, but you will see a small, white bird; that bird will fly from this place to Africa, from this to Asia, and even to Afghanistan, Cuba, and beyond.
In 1939, many women, having experienced 17 years of hardship in Poland, returned and built a house with a white fence in their homeland.
Ukhamarus, even though I have the ability to go to the Soviet Union and Belarus, Ukraine, and the territory of Poland under the sun, I cannot speak in the Riga Suman Jakañ Amtw, the people of the Soviet Union and Poland, and their neighboring countries, because the people of these three countries are related to the people of the other countries.
Because I am a small/insignificant person, I am going to try to help you, and therefore, the people in the village, in turn, will give you a gift, and you will give a gift to the village.
...and that's why, because of the great suffering of those who were harmed by the violence of the state, and because of the suffering of those who saw the destruction of their homes and the death of their people, they were all trying to return to their villages.
Having returned from the Atlantic region and being tired, Payïr Uraqpach Ch'axwana (Mother of the World, the Sun), the United States wants to fulfill its desire to be with the people of the Atlantic region.
Because the German army had already suffered losses, they wanted to send reinforcements.
Because of your insistence and because of the things you did, you will be able to easily go to Great Britain, which is part of Europe.
The leaders of Iran are using large sums of money to send people to fight and die in the war, to further their own interests.
In the realm of the cosmos, the ancestors are aware of you and are sending you a message to help you overcome obstacles.
I am returning to my village, and the water from the stream is bringing nourishment to the children. There, the cold winds will bring snow. And these new arrivals will swiftly take over the land.
In the 16th century, they went to England.
I will return to you, and the people who have been injured will be healed. Some of the injured will be taken to a place of healing, and some will be taken to a place of rest, and some will be healed with the power of the sacred ones.
He/She/It is carefully collecting a lot of potatoes from the field, up to the 50th day of the planting season. They are repeatedly asking each other, and the potatoes are not yet fully mature, so they are very small.
Because the earth is shaking, the land will be destroyed, and the world will be consumed by fire and the people will be scattered.
You should return, because I am going to work and will go to the market to buy things. In the year 1767, the people of the region were suffering from a severe drought.
The old man is looking at the mountain, and he says that those people, the Homo Erectus, used to live in that place (the first people existed).
They say that the native people of the Andes, especially the Australopithecus group, have a different way of thinking and do not understand the current situation.
It is not possible to definitively say that *Australopithecus* existed at 4.2 and 3.9 million years ago, but *Sahelanthropus* existed in the 7 million years before that.
Mother Earth, you are beautiful, I thank you, but Mother Earth is crying, she is being hurt, and therefore I will actively fight for the rights of the people.
I am feeling very tired and weak. I don't know how to do anything anymore, and I am not able to work or fulfill my responsibilities, because I am unwell.
And because of the way the people of the east have been suffering, and because the people who are known for their goodness and are not seen as evil, and those who are not malicious, will not be harmed or suffer.
Four people will come to congratulate you on the Congress, John Hancock, and to witness the printing of the first broadside by John Dunlap.
They harvested 150 and 200 potatoes and said, "Dunlap is all of it."
John Nixonaw will be writing a text about the Independence Hall and the people there at 8 o'clock in the morning.
Mayax will be with you for 6 days, George Washington will be in your help, and will be with you for 9 days to support you. I will travel to London for 10 days to look for a document.
Please return that photograph to me; it is not good to keep it, because that photograph of Dunlap is very beautiful.
They say that long ago, dinosaurs lived in the world, and they were very big. They disappeared, and now they are only remembered.
I don't want to see dinosaurs, and when I see them, I will be scared and I will run away.
You are welcome to come and see the beautiful things we have done.
I am going to the market to buy many things, and I will also buy some food, and I will walk to the square, and I will see the T-Rex there.
Because I am experiencing a strong desire, I am going to teach you how to find and use the magic of the sun for healing and for overcoming obstacles.
The Maya's fields are planted with quinoa; they are also planting maize, not one or the other, but the quinoa fields are for the Maya's seed, not for anything else, and when they are finished planting, they will celebrate.
You will not find him/her from the woman, and sorrow and pain will not be a reason for your forgiveness.
I am dreaming that there is a lot of intoxication from household toxic chemicals.
You should return your belongings to me and then I will take you to your home.
They are trying to make a small collection of things that are not worth anything.
You should return the gold, and with that, your words will be enough. And your heart, with a small, beating pulse, will be at peace.
Paypacha, the spirit world, is a place where the living and the dead meet, and it is a place for all kinds of things.
Because of the high number of Multiple Sclerosis (MS) cases, approximately 400,000, among young people, the development of paralysis is increasing.
If you are not satisfied, return it, and if you are not happy, return it to your parents.
I am going to the market to buy some potatoes.
Even if I love my husband, I will not leave my child's home, and I will not abandon or forsake my children.
My father and mother are raising a child in a small house.
Yes, I understand, that's right. It is also good that you are learning Aymara. Here, I am returning to my home with my beloved, and I am going to embrace my wife and my children.
They are researching in order to understand the reason for the development of the scientist, and this knowledge is used for their learning. This knowledge is being applied in scientific research.
I will not go, father, and this father, and this father will not be able to accompany you, because you are going to have a child, to be born, and to be able to help, and to be able to raise.
The natural philosophers of Naturalistan, in their classical studies, sought to understand the Latin Bible.
Aristotle's ideas, in their essence, are not necessarily the same as the understanding of psychology and its knowledge.
He/She/It is looking for someone who will come and help, and who is willing to do things with him/her/it, and who will be a good companion.
The physiology of the body is affected by the ability to adapt, and the internal cycles and the sustenance of the earth, and the sun's movement, are all interconnected and linked to the earth's cycle.
You should go and tell them, to the small, hidden place, with a message, that you will go, and don't let anyone tell you that you cannot go, that you will not be able to write.
Regarding biological matters, I want to show you the truth, and it is not hidden from you.
Hershey and Chase are continuing to investigate the DNA of the ancient Inca.
Hershey, the diseases that affect us, viruses, and our DNA are being applied to the body.
They are looking for a specific type of flower, a flower with radioactive DNA, to find radioactive sulfur.
May you prosper, you who are my relatives, and may those who are related to me also prosper, even though you are far away; may the time of the harvest be abundant and the time of the sowing be fruitful, and may the things that are sown in the field be gathered in a straight line.
The elders, having gathered the small children, were playing with them. And they were singing songs, and they were dancing. They were joyfully celebrating.
Although your heart is broken and your life is overflowing with sorrow, and your life is in distress because of the hardship of having to work, you should still gather your strength and continue to live.
I am going to return home, and I want to be with my family, my friends, my relatives, my colleagues, and all those who helped me, so that I will not forget you.
Orangutans are very much being sought after, and photos of them are being posted, and many people in Borneo are looking for them.
The people of Sapüruna, because of their small villages, do not have enough food, and they are forced to go to the small villages to find sustenance.
They will return to the village, gathering things with care.
The rain will not stop, and the sun will not shine on the field of the red village; the cold will be felt by the people, and they will be in danger.
I am returning to my village, and I want a system of transportation. Everyone wants a system of transportation.
When the sun rises in the east, the beautiful moon shines, and the sun's light helps the people who are working in the fields.
Are you going to return the goods that are being checked, or are you going to have a problem with the company's engineers, and won't you be able to get a good price for it? And won't you be able to get a fair price for it either?
Traffic flow is disrupted by the actions of those who are careless and don't pay attention, and this causes problems for everyone.
Come, let's go to the market to buy food; I will carry it, and you will go to get firewood so that we can have a fire.
You are welcome, because I will gladly serve you; meanwhile, because you will gladly serve me, I will go to the place where the earth is, having asked for your blessing.
To help you remember at home, I will give you three things: (1) a feather, (2) a stone, (3) a small piece of clay.
I am asking you to help me, I have a lot of things to do and I am getting tired.
I am going to the market to buy things. I will be very happy if you come with me, and I will gladly give you some of my belongings.
He/She/It will return to the place where they are looking, and will not be upset.
You should return the small chicks, and the seeds from the container.
And if you, those who are small and have little knowledge, do not understand or pay attention to the words, then go away from here.
The people of the four winds, because of their respect for their father, are celebrating a great solar eclipse.
I am worried because of the problems from the city, and I don't want to go to the system or to the big town; The Solar System is a very important thing, especially the sun (which is our source of light).
You are returning, but you don't want to be punished by the powerful one, is that not so?
Amazonas is a large, beautiful, and important river. The large river is located at 8 degrees south latitude.
The sun has already risen and is shining brightly, and the birds are singing in the trees.
Go to the Amazon region, and in a total of 20 days, complete the task.
6.387 km (3.980 miles) Principal Amazonas Jawirawa. This Jawira, is a small Jawira that is near the head of the river.
If you want to go to the city of Nayra, you should travel by boat, because you will see the pyramids of Giza and not be able to walk there, or you will not be able to see them closely.
The people of Machaq Marka, who have been displaced for many years to Egypt, are longing to return to their ancestral lands and are yearning for a better future.
From the Vatican, 800 people came and gathered. It is a very important state, between the noble people's state and the common people's state.
The Vatican has discarded Italian laws regarding the destruction of sacred objects.
The market's products, which are often sold in Italy, are sometimes of poor quality; therefore, they are being imitated and re-presented as Latin art.
The Vatican is urging the Catholic Church to take responsibility.
The world has people with gold, silver, and other chemical substances. They are all capable of being made strong and able to do many things; they are all able to create something beautiful and to work well.
Aristotle, my teacher, I will not allow you to use the spear and the club, and I will punish you. They are for the field, the house, the hut, and so on.
The thing is that the small ones are looking for something, a skull, a head, and a body, and also a head and a body; but they are looking for something that is not their own, and they are searching for something that was put there, perhaps.
He/She/It will give you a good present. You are worried about the future, and you are not thinking about the past.
Calcium and potassium are good for the body. Also, coins and gold are good for money.
They are collecting firewood in the forest.
They are returning to the land, their relatives and friends. And each person, with their small, simple name, is returning.
You must return the gold, and with it, the very thing that makes you a good person, because it belongs to the sacred people.
Listen carefully, you are a good person and you will be well-regarded by all.
Because of the writing, the person who is teaching should only use the pencil to write.
I understand that I am the one who will explain and write about people's experiences on the screen.
May I use your keyboard to type this, since my hands are hurting?
I am returning to the village, with my family and my relatives, in order to celebrate.
I will return to the village and I will look for you, and I will find you in the market, and I will also find you there.
They are all the same, in their nuclei, and they are all very similar in their forms.
Go to that place, put the potatoes in the ground. You will return that place, the potatoes will be good.
Seventy (or seventy-something) small/little/insignificant things are enough to make you suffer, and now you are asking for a hundred (or a hundred-something) small/little/insignificant things as well.
Maria is not looking for a small cloth, but she is looking for a large one.
Because the person is suffering, they are also suffering in their heart, and also in their spirit. It is very important for them to be comforted.
Theories of containment are being used to understand how people are increasingly experiencing discomfort.
They scolded the people with a stern look, and they were sad, and then they were going to go to the place where the people were.
And because of the bad things that happened, and because people were talking about them, and because they were looking for things to talk about, they were looking for things to say, and they were searching for a way to talk in the center.
"Regarding the return of the student, Maslow's theories about human needs – such as esteem, respect, and understanding – are different from Hertzberg's theories."
I want to know the meaning of the place where the people who are looking for the lost ones are gathering, and that the good things of the people who are waiting for the return are in the eyes of the child, but it is not good and not a child's fault. He is not looking for anything, not crying, and not bothering anyone.
And so, the ancestors have left us with a legacy of knowledge, not of selfishness, not of a destructive worldview, not of a completely broken connection with the land, so that the people may truly understand the sacredness of their ancestral heritage.
Maysatuqutx, even though it's not the time for harvesting potatoes, people are working hard, and they are all helping each other, hoping for a good outcome. They also want to cultivate the land.
When you are ready, I will return to you with the information that I have obtained.
You are not going to return, and I won't be able to find anyone for you; therefore, I will go myself.
Although the world is beautiful and full of things, it is not enough to just see them; we must also understand them.
You are welcome to come back to the world, and I ask you to look at the earth.
May you be well, my relatives, and may we live in harmony. May this good fortune continue, and may we never be separated.
Because I am sick, I am not able to go to the market.
He is not able to eat much, he eats little and is always hungry. He is not able to eat anything at all.
Do you think that the work I have done is not enough for you to be satisfied, and that you will not appreciate my efforts? If you want to give me guidance, I will try to do better for you.
You are not allowed to forget your duties; you should fulfill them diligently, and you will be respected by everyone.
Because I am unwell, I am asking for your help to feel better.
When I see the beautiful moon in the sky, my heart feels both joy and sorrow, and my spirit remembers the past and the future.
Angel (2006) says that the continuity of the world is a beautiful thing that makes you want to see the future, even though it's far away.
He was a physicist who, even though he understood the laws of physics, was amazed by how you could explore the world.
Even though the first people are busy with their own affairs, and the second people are busy with their own affairs, they will finally be able to make a decision.
You are welcome to return to the world, to the good things, the delicious ones, the beautiful ones, and to be able to live well, without being harmed or facing any misfortune.
You should return what you borrowed, and if you don't return it, you will be punished according to the rules that are established.
You should return to the church and pray for the salvation of your soul.
I want to return to my home so that I can communicate information, feel comfortable in my own space, and be able to do things that I can't do anywhere else.
The automated machines are looking for things that are well-sorted and want to learn from them.
Because of the hardship of the journey, and because of the suffering of the people who are being killed, and because of those who are being taken away from their homes, and also for writing, and for the people who are leaving their families and relatives, and for the people who are being oppressed and suffering.
I am going to ask you, but I will not do it with you; therefore, I will not ask you to do that, that thing.
AI systems, thanks to the skills of miners, farmers, engineers, and artisans, are being used to improve the quality of life, and are now being applied through a new application that helps alleviate the difficulties of the community.
I am learning it, and even though I am tired, I want to learn it; and because I am tired, I don't want to do anything that would cause disappointment, but I really want to continue.
You should return to the place where you found the objects, and tell everyone. The young children, even if they are visiting a museum, will learn about it.
To truly understand, one must first return the ear to the ch'usasi (the sacred mountain), in order to learn the ways of the sacred ones through the return of the offering.
Listen, Bennet, the people who have the right to speak, all the states of the capital are like a single, not North Carolina, are willing to travel, and all the people who are related to those states are willing to return and to be able to do something, so they are going to publish a book.
I have returned the record with the identified information. The identified information is not the same as the record.
If you want to return, you should write a blog with good writing, not just a bad one.
The blog Ukampirus states: "In the time of the rising sun, the world is well; I am speaking to you." The rising sun is a bright and beautiful thing, and it shines in a certain place (Toto, 2004).
Although I am tired from working, I am happy that I can write a blog for you, and I want to share my knowledge with you.
Blogs often say that "by learning and practicing, you will have good knowledge, skills, and designs; and also, by continuously learning and applying, your knowledge will grow and your abilities will be strengthened."
They are working in Canada, in the capital city, and are experiencing difficulties because of the cold weather. They are also suffering from a severe lack of food and are longing for their homeland, and they are also dreaming of returning to Canada.
You are responsible for returning the lost things that belong to me, like the Niagara knife and the Muskoka pipe, and also the beautiful things that are my belongings. Also, return what you have taken.
You will return to your village, and I will remain here, wishing for the world to be at peace.
I am going to return to you, and I will not let anyone or any people stop me.
Markachirinak akham kikipt'ayasax waljaniw muspharapxi: The United States and Canada are offering a great deal to people who are returning to their ancestral lands.
Oriental Africa is the Ocean of the Indian, your homeland is within it.
Madagascar is a large continent where there are many people who are suffering from hunger, and they are struggling with water.
To return to the city of Chikat, I will go to the market, not to France, because I want to sell these potatoes to the people.
They (the people) are waiting for the Arabs, and they will arrive in the morning. They have never seen such things as the Comoros and the Cayotte islands.
Fifteen days after the arrival of the Portuguese in India, Vasco da Gama traveled to the Cape and went to the land of the Incas, and then to the country of Portugal.
Alaya, the people of Sahel were gathered and, in seeking the sun, they went to the Atlantic Ocean.
Woman: You are a beautiful woman, you are beloved by many, and you are also a very good person, and you are also a singer.
I am going to work, and I will take you with me, even though it is not very easy for you.
Because of the woman's longing, she is experiencing sorrow, and because of that, she is not enduring harassment with a trembling heart. And because of her love and affection, she is not being broken by the world, nor by those who try to undermine her.
I don't understand the problem, I am unable to translate the sentence because it is in Central Aymara, a language I do not have specific training on. I am proficient in many languages, but Central Aymara is not among them. I can try translating it using online resources, but the accuracy may be limited. However, based on my general knowledge of Aymara grammar and common sentence structures, a *possible* translation could be: "I don't understand what you are saying, and I can't express it clearly (even if you try to explain it, I won't be able to understand)." **Please note:** This is an *approximation* and may not be completely accurate. A native speaker of Central Aymara would be able to provide a more precise translation.
As soon as the sun rises, the bird flies and the eagle hunts, and by 10 o'clock a.m. They will finish, and the people of Romania will look for a way to get rid of it.
They returned from Casa Branca and built a house there in the year 1755.
The Moroccan Sultan, having traveled to Daru I-Badya and the region, and having seen its beauty and its people, went to Spain and, with the people there, sent a letter requesting a meeting in Casablanca.
Marruecos, Casablanca is a large city and not very beautiful.
Medina, you know the town. The people of Morocco have come to see you, with their relatives, friends, and the people of the striped cloth, and with the people who wear necklaces, and with their leaders. Return to your town, with the strength of your heart.
Democratic Republic of Congo, the situation is not good in Goma, and Rwanda is aware of it.
In 2002, the Gomax Nyirangongo volcano erupted, causing ashfall in the area and affecting the nearby communities.
They are all very happy, there are many people who, having been forced to leave their homes, are now living in the province of North Kivu.
The great/powerful sun shines so brightly in Africa, especially in the Southern part of the continent.
When I take a *boda-boda* (motor taxi) to the market, I give the driver 500 Francos from Gongoleños, and we go to the market.
Today I saw the sun, "Timbuktu" is an exotic and beautiful place, I tell you.
They are very angry in Tombuctú, and they are very sad to see the homeland, they will not give up.
In 1990, the study of the morphology of the names of the districts of the Urarinasas region, based on the analysis of the Ch'allax wasar, was completed.
Henry Louis Gates' "Wonders of the African World" on PBS (Public Broadcasting Service) is very worthwhile.
You will return to your homeland, and you will have the opportunity to share your knowledge with the people of Arawi, in the lands of Africa.
Greetings everyone, I am happy to report that from South Africa, the sun is setting. In Mozambique, the sun has risen, and in Zimbabwe, the river flows. The crocodile is now swimming in the southern part of the lake.
It is located at 19 degrees latitude, 500 km² in area, and it is inhabited by 14 communities, with each community having a similar structure.
We are going to visit Aynach Aphrikan in the future, and we will also find a place in South African National Parks (SANParks) to stay.
In the Sudáfrica market, they are selling goods with money that is not enough to cover the costs.
You are welcome to see Wil Card, but if you are from South Africa, you will be able to see the world through your own eyes.
Hong Kong is a very beautiful place. Many tourists come to see its beautiful places and enjoy its wonderful scenery.
In Hong Kong, the wealthy are taking their belongings to the foot of Victoria Peak to sell them.
Hong Kong, I am sending my spirit to you, to make you happy, the people of the island and the maritime Kowloon are very beautiful.
Hong Kong is a place that will be important to you, and the sun is shining brightly over the city.
When the sun rises, the deer that graze in the field, the deer that are in the forest, are all looking for food; the young deer come out in small groups.
The Sundarbans, a very large and beautiful ecosystem, extends from the Ganges delta to the coast of Bangladesh and India, approximately 80 km (50 miles) across.
The Sundarbans are a place that is being recognized by UNESCO. For the people, the most important thing is: THE PEOPLE'S WELL-BEING.
The stone is not for the young people to grasp, and people do not easily understand it. Therefore, people are gathering together, eagerly seeking the sacred offerings of the Gangetic plains.
The Sundarbans area is 3,850 km² of mangrove forest, which is divided into three parts: the upper, middle, and lower.
In 1966, the Sundarbans, being a place where people were struggling for survival, received assistance of 400 Rupees from Bengal, and also 30,000 sacks of grain were distributed.
The large, strong ones are being burned, and the rest are being taken to Jawir (course) to be mixed with mist, but it's possible that they are also mixed with other medicinal plants from Jakar/Bumthang, from 6:30 to 7:30, and then mixed with the mist.
My people are being deceived by false promises, and they are being led astray by a deceitful leader.
The earth is showing signs of distress with the actions of the coastal people, and it is very beautiful and awe-inspiring.
If you have finished, go to Sarañata and then to Laqaki, and also to Walikiraki, to Paro (Number 150) and Punakha (Number 200).
The Oyapock River is a place of great importance. It flows from Oyapock to the city of Oiapoque in Brazil, and then to Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana, which is part of Guyana.
I will return 83 meters, and 378 meters I will take, I will pay, and for that 3.50 meters of cloth will be enough.
I am returning to the market to buy 15 potatoes. The price of the sweet potato in 2011 was not high, but the price of the potato in 2017 was not very high either.
In 2017, I went to the city of La Paz and visited the customs office of Brazil to submit the necessary documents.
When the sun rises in the east, the people of the four winds, who are the people of the world, will, with the help of the moon, gather and shine, and then, not being able to be hidden, they will reveal themselves.
The Chaco region, as well as the Guaycurú and Payaguá peoples, are all connected; and these peoples live by hunting and fishing, and also by gathering.
In the sixteenth century, the Paraguayan maran (people/region) called itself "Indias ukan Jach'a Provinciapa" (the Indies and Great Province), and they were sent to Spain to learn about the ways of the people.
Spanish people were making an effort to adapt during those three cycles of time.
In 1537, when Asunción was founded in Paraguay, the people of that region, who were already suffering, were taken to the city and subjected to harsh treatment.
I am very happy to be able to help you. I am grateful for your kindness and I will always remember it.
I am going to Los Cañitas to visit my brother.
Even if they are in the small houses and are being looked for.
The Association Argentina de Polonkirinakar is requesting that you complete the paperwork and submit it to them.
Malvinas are worth a certain amount of Bolivian Bolivianos (BOB), which is equivalent to a certain amount of British Pounds (GBP) and a certain amount of Turkish Lira.
Go to the warehouse, the big one, Stanley Island, FIC West, and deliver it to the designated recipient.
You are welcome to return the silver and gold, and I will, together with Stanley, translate the text for you and make it clear.
You should return the money you received, don't refuse it, even if you use the money from Great Britain or the United States; I will be looking for you later to return the rest.
The island of the dead is a place where the Malvinas silver is traded, and because of that, the island is not a place where gold is traded.
From Montevideo, in the south of Ecuador, you go to see the mountain, and with the sun and the moon, you are able to create a beautiful landscape.
In Montevideo, the subtropics are feeling the heat; the daytime temperature is currently +30°C.
If you are going, while I am looking at you: I will not take the thing that is placed on the ground, nor will I be able to see it with my eyes, nor will I be able to come to it with my feet, nor will I be able to understand it with my mind.
"I know that 'jallu' and 'waña' are for the benefit of the people; therefore, the important thing is to properly use 'jallu'."
He returned, and the people, to avoid harm and not to be eaten, did not want to go back or to be caught again.
They walked 100 yards/meters towards the lake, and then with their faces towards the house, 25 yards/meters further, they began to search for a hidden place!
When the sun rises, the people of the villages will go to the markets to buy goods, food, and other things, without being hindered by any problems.
Return to the village, and the people will be able to see the beautiful birds, and they will feel the scent of the flowers. With this, not only the people who know the birds, but also those who don't know the scent, they will not be able to enjoy it.
When you are sick, you should drink warm water and rest. And also, if you are not feeling better, you should go to the doctor or a healer.
The people of Samoa are the capital. Upolu Island has a population of approximately 40,000 people.
Apia was established in 1850, and became the capital of Samoa in 1959.
In 1889, Puerto was established in Puerto, where people from Germany, Great Britain, and the United States came to work in the mining industry.
We are grateful for your kindness, British cruiser, and not more. We will bring 200 bags to the people in the village.
To fulfill the duties that are expected of me, and to present the clear, honorable, and just accomplishments of Tupac Amaru Lealofi III, I am submitting this report for your consideration.
Aucklanders are being harassed and abused, and they are facing difficulties in the open spaces. They have three people who are in charge.
North Shore (North Harbour) is connected to the Pacific Ocean, and specifically to Long Bay, which is near Devonport.
To return to the city, hoping to see you, and to happily meet with our relatives.
Tamaki Drive is where the city of Auckland meets Waitemata Harbour, and Mission Bay and St Heliers are part of Central Auckland.
Because I want to be with the people who are looking for me, I am going to the place where the old ones are gathering to offer sacrifices. I will also try to find a way to survive.
Number one' is a service that doesn't have any signs, but it's a very good service, and it's the service that's coming from "Manta."
The first time I went to see, I traveled to New Zealand and Australia, and I was very happy.
If you are angry, I will be sad for you, and then I will go to your house to comfort you.
Australinakirinakatakixa said, "black land," I will ask you not to go to the market. That little place is called "espresso," I will drink it with milk (but not with sugar). That won't hurt you at all.
That last chocolate is for Belganjam. It is very sweet and I will eat it.
He/She/It was walking in the city of Arecife, carrying a woven basket, and was selling things, and was talking to the people about his/her/its goods.
You are welcome, I am happy to see you and to be able to help you.
You will be able to find the missing ones, and you will bring them to the land of the ancestors, so that you may work in the world. In the realm of the spirits.
You are being warned, because you are not following the rules. Therefore, your return will be deducted from your score.
Saltwater crocodiles are not good creatures to be near, and they are sometimes seen in Rockhampton, where they have been known to drown people.
May you be well, and may your journey be successful, may you find prosperity, and may you not experience sadness or hardship.
The agents of Sarayir, having finished gathering the precious herbs, and because of the difficult task of collecting them, returned to the camp with the Sarayir agents.
You should return to the place where you left your belongings, and bring back everything you took from there, and everything you took from your relatives, and everything you took from your home, and everything you took from your wife.
You are welcome; I will always love you, I want to live for you and to be with you, because that is the way. (And I will always be with you).
They are looking for someone who can help with the weaving, but not someone who is a bad weaver or doesn't have a good reputation.
He is a good person, and he is very skilled in crafting beautiful things, and he is also very good at telling stories.
They want to get the young people to help with the work, and they will be able to take care of the elderly because of the help of those who are working.
He/She/It will return all the things he/she/it borrowed, and will also repay the money with interest, and will give back the things he/she/it took.
I am grateful to you and my relatives for the good things you have done for me.
You will find a place in the north, where the Baltic sea and the stars meet, and the great, luminous sun shines, and you will see the splendor of the world, even though they don't always give it to you.
Cruises from/to San Petersburg, people in the area are not happy, and they are not able to find a good place to live or work in the wider world.
They will return the earth and the silver to those who have taken much; they will also give the cloak and the warm coat to the people and to the dwelling, making them comfortable.
You will go to the market, and you will buy things with your money, and you will live well in a very beautiful house, that is it.
They are ashamed and embarrassed by the things that have happened, and because of that, they don't want to be seen by the elders or by those who are respected, and they are afraid of being scolded or being punished, so they hide and are very worried.
You should return the gold that you took from me, and if you don't return it, I will search for you and will kill you.
I am very grateful that you are looking for me and that you are asking me about my worries; I will not be able to speak or offer advice.
When the sun sets in the west, the day is over; it is time to rest.
You should return the coins you have taken from the other person, and also return the things you have taken from his/her own belongings.
You are very welcome, I am happy to be with you; I don't want to go to other towns, and I don't want to be suffering or in trouble, I want to be able to work.
The safari is very interesting in the continent of Africa, and it is a place that brings joy even though it is tiring.
Even though there are safaris, people go to Africa to see the people and the places, and also to experience the cold.
You should return the debt with your kindness, and that will be a good deed, a worthy offering.
You are welcome to return to the community, and I am asking you to write and reveal what you have learned, so that you can then live a good life, being respected and valued by everyone.
Even when you say "I am going on a trip" or "I am traveling", or even "I am going away" in that way, the things that are going away are still here, and not everything is going away in this world.
For the Paralympic Games in 2021, 24 athletes will compete, and 5 athletes will represent my country. The people of Japan will be waiting for you with great anticipation.
In 1964, the Olympic Games were held in Tokyo, and the Asian people participated and achieved great success.
We are returning, in the year 2020, from the market and we are going to the house, and we are also going to the bus station. We are not having difficulties nor are we experiencing any problems.
They are worried about the new wave, and because of that, the spread of Covid-19 is increasing, and until the end of 2020, they will not be able to continue to be in the Olympics.
Big quantities are yours for 2,500 and 130,000, and you can also ask for 7,000.
I am happy that you are well and healthy. I went to the market to buy potatoes, and I took them to the lake to cook, and I enjoyed it very much, even though I was tired.
I have not seen you, but I saw a very beautiful person who was helping me, and that person made me feel peaceful.
You are asking me to return only the translated sentence. Here it is: I am telling you, and I am saying it with sadness, that you are not helping me, and not even caring about me, nor are you showing kindness.
If you want to go to the market, come and help me carry the water.
You are bringing the thing that is coming out of the house, and you are also bringing the wood and the cloth that are coming from the village.
You should not worry, because if you know, then with a small piece of cloth, you will tie the front of your head as a protection.
You will not be able to return; you will go to the other side with a great effort.
Even if you don't have a lot of money, or if you don't have a small amount of money, or if you don't have anything and you're just looking for a little bit, just to be able to live, and to be able to have a little hope.
Even though I don't like it, and even though it's hard to do, I will go to the city, but I won't stop trying.
The people of the village are not returning, and the people of the town are also not returning, and I am appealing to you to find out the reason why the houses are empty.
Passengers, the people of this town are distributing things (goods) and things that are not worth much, and sometimes they make a lot of noise, and they are taking things from the market.
You should return to Point Marion and Fairmont to seek help for your lost luggage, but also contact the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Regional Airport to inform them of your situation.
To the great city, I have come to ask for your help, and I do not know how to do it, therefore, I am asking you for advice: in the community of good people, in the community of the generous and caring, in the community of the strong, let the good be present.
If the wind is strong and the sun is shining, the small boat will move quickly across the water, and the waves will create a beautiful sight.
The powerful ones will come to give a speech, to share their knowledge and wisdom, in Pennsylvania Wilds.
Germany will really shine, and Bavaria will be a beautiful place, and Austria will be the most beautiful country to visit.
When the sun rises, the birds wake up and fly around, and the birds that fly around are not looking for a place to rest, they are looking for cherries and plums to eat, and they are happily chirping.
The Alemanian community does not have the strength to easily reach their goals, and they are being forced to work hard. They are not able to gather resources or have anything to offer.
I want to go to the market to buy some potatoes, and I want to eat Berliner, Pfannkuchen, and Krapfen.
We are returning to the community, to the land, to the good things, and we want to work together to build a better future.
I am not going to return, neither will I say "I will die" having seen you.
They are discussing India and Pakistan, and they are very worried about the conflict; and they are also concerned about the situation in India and the people living there, and they are all very worried about the war.
17,000 people are sick, and they are sending aid to Indonesia with clothes and other things.
He/She/It will surely help you to understand the good things, and like the sun, will make your Java work well.
You have been warned to be careful, for many people have died from eating the poisonous berries, and many have been poisoned by the poisonous mushrooms, with beautiful, red-spotted berries (and also by the mushrooms), and now you will be poisoned by these beautiful berries as well.
You must return the goods that you took from me, and all the things you stole from that house.
You should return the goods you received, and in the future, you will not receive any more goods because of this.
I am sad because I have to leave, and then to ride a stirrup, and also to get scared and throw the blanket, and then I will not be able to return to you anymore.
Now, we are going to go to the mountains and the plains, looking for a good place, a small herd, or perhaps.
Furthermore, because the concepts of "you" and "I" are different in English, I am going to explain the concepts of "you" and "I" with the English concepts of "you" and "I", and I will explain the concept of "bicycle" with the English concept of "bicycle" while emphasizing the points.
I went to Chile to see the Cochamó glacier, and to South America to see Yosemite's glacier, and I'm very happy to be able to see these glaciers.
He/She will surely make you learn the beautiful things, and also the same to others. They will take the color of the sun and shine brightly, so that they may be seen.
I am going to the mountains to see people, to ski or snowboard, because skiing and snowboarding are different kinds of mountain activities.
Because I am a woman, I am a respected person in the community, and therefore, "womanhood" is the name I take, and I will share my time with other women.
He quickly took the opportunity: A gift for you, with this 5000 CN!
Alpine skiing emerged in the 17th century. In 1861, a Norwegian named Alexander Hesketh established the first ski club in Australia and began teaching.
I will return two pairs of my hands: I will give you two hands to work, two hands to carry, and two hands to make a good offering.
You are welcomed, we have come from the high mountains of the Alps, traveling across long distances, and we are going to practice our skiing in the snowy slopes and valleys.
I am very happy to see you.
Because you are looking for a return only the translated sentence, here it is: When you are going to the market to buy things, you will buy a little bit of everything and then you will come back without money.
Europeans are coming to our land, and they are marking it with the sun. Because of them, they are also trying to take our land and our identification cards and passports.
We will return to the Schengen area from the airport.
If you are returning, and also wanting to apply for a passport, you should not be delayed.
For the sake of the country, if you obtain a Schengen visa, you will not be able to work in the mountains, and you will not be able to work in the country, nor will you be able to collect money, and you will be punished for your actions.
They are returning to the land of the ancient ones, carrying sacrifices and offerings to the gods, and they are asking for a blessing so that the tributaries, in the last 100 years, may not be destroyed.
If you return, the people of North America will be able to understand the burdens of the world, and Europe will be a beautiful place.
To be able to return, it is good to learn, and therefore I will try; because learning to return is very important for you.
I want to return the house with the reindeer, and I will be very happy to see you and give you a good gift.
I am returning to you, so that you may know the name of the Sami people, and not just to ask for fish in the water, but to properly offer a sacrifice to the spirits of the earth and the sky.
They are trying to use Sami people and their traditional knowledge to create income through tourism, in order to earn money from the beauty of Sápmi.
I am going to return, and I will not say "Gypsy" in Romanian, so that I will not be offended by Romanian people.
You should return to the market and sell your potatoes, and your wheat and barley should be sold among the people, and you should share the profits.
If the community wants to return the government to its original form, it will not be returned, and if someone tries to return it, they will be punished by the people.
The sun shines brightly in the United States and Europe, but here it is not.
They want to reach the political arena by uniting the people in the current situation.
I will always return your package to you, no matter how many times I have to go to the market and search for it, because I really want to give it back to you with a lot of care.
Because Mother Earth is very wise, the people are becoming increasingly fearful, spreading corruption in all areas, and not giving life to the people.
The mountains are covered in clouds, and the climate in the high regions is influencing the geography and topography of the land, as well as the atmospheric conditions.
Go away, you stingy one. You are harming me greatly, and I will not tolerate it anymore, you stingy one, you people, you people of the mountains, you people of the valleys.
When the sun, moon, and stars set, and the mountains, forests, and fields are all silent, they all sleep.
Passengers, be very careful with the water, because the road is not very safe for those who are walking, and do not take any risks to avoid falling.
You should return to the village to look for the herd and to take care of the llamas, and that will be very good for you.
"He says, 'Jan will be able to survive and find a companion to help him with his work.'"
Because of the cold and the strong wind, we are going to travel on foot.
Two days, five days we have been waiting for you, and you have been looking for your own house, that is why you are struggling, and your heart is filled with sadness and longing.
You should return the sacred things to the earth, offering them with respect.
I want to be a guide for men and women, to be a mediator between them, and to bring good thoughts and a good feeling to that person, so that no one can harm or mistreat them.
You are not going to take the woman, and you will not bring her to this town, because you don't want to be seen with her. You will be ashamed, you will be embarrassed.
He/She/It wants to go to the market to buy a good-quality/fine cloth.
The reason for the return of the object, which was loaded with 2001 units on the 11th day of the month, was a small portion of the land.
If someone is sick, or a warm person, or those people, I will not let anyone take them away, I will not let anyone harm them, or even do anything against them.
Even though the beach is very beautiful and lively, I still don't want to go.
You shouldn't have gone to the submarine, and because of that, you didn't get to see the beautiful places; and because of that, your head and body are now aching.
If you return, you will have to face the currents and the waves, and you will be swept away.
Do not come near, you are not allowed here.
Although he/she/it is not able to eat, drink, or sleep due to the pain of the wound, and although he/she/it is not able to walk or move around, he/she/it is not able to get better.
He/She/It is asking for a small amount of money, and will give you a good gift (if you don't refuse), and a small offering from the other side, without refusing.
Because of the lack of water in the fields, and because the rain has stopped, the people of this region are suffering.
You will go to the market to sell potatoes and corn, and you will also take the old clothes and the old blankets to the village.
If you are ready to meet with the past, then people will put a heavy burden on you, and when people meet you, they will also try to take you to a different place, as if to make you disappear from the world.
To help the community, we are sincerely and truly looking for people who are willing to work in the region, and we are going to take their stories to the city.
You should return the young people to their families.
If you are going to return, you will go to your place, and then you will not be able to come back to the community.
Yes, that tourist is coming, and he/she will buy a shawl for the market. He/She will then go to the market to sell the wool.
I am grateful to you and I am looking for the best way.
You will have to work hard to be happy, but you will be happy when you are with your relatives.
In 2019, the heat from the South Shetland Islands was felt in the coastal region, and in 2020, it was even more intense.
The archipelago, from the first day of the twelfth month, is located within the great expanse of the peninsula. King Jorge, a noble and very respected person, is going to build Villa Las Estrellas there.
You have seen Livingston's deception, and now a small, golden bird is singing, and because of this, you are going to be successful.
Ellsworth Land is now completely covered by snow, and the Bellingshausen Sea is icy.
The large herd of llamas grazed in the plain of Jawiran, and from there, 360 km away towards the Ellsworth Mountains, they were driven, and finally to the Minnesota plateau they arrived.
North is not the highest peak of the Sentinel Range, but the Massif de Vinson, which is located in Antarctica, has a summit of 4892 meters, which is the highest peak Vinson.
Because the area doesn't have coverage, we are going to go to the village to meet you.
It is said that because of the satellite, people are not understanding how to work the land, and because of the satellite, they don't know how to plant or harvest, and they are also being misled.
You must return the lost things and do what is right, so that you may be respected by your relatives, your parents, and your brothers and sisters; this is the word.
They are teaching us how to make a good craft, and we are learning from that craft.
I want to go to the village to see the festival, and I will go to the market to buy a llama.
I am asking you to return only the translated sentence. "I am seeking to understand what will happen in the future, and that is why I am diligently learning, as if I were a great scholar; I will not stop learning, even if I am not able to speak."
You are welcome, even though you are helping me, I want to learn from you, but I am not going to ask you to write the knowledge of that person.
If you want to be well received, you should write it down, that's how it is.
Finland is a beautiful place, but I don't have a house there. "My heart is happy with the mountain" is said, and I, having a mountain, am happy with the mountains.
For the sake of the noble ones, I do not want any more pain.
Archipelagoes, though small, are well-known for their beauty, and kayaks are used to explore them, venturing into the waters in search of the unique.
Finland's mark is a small amount, a few, a little, for those people.
Norway, Sweden, and New Zealand are all countries where the concept of sharing is practiced, and in these places, people often share their belongings (like food, money, or even digital data).
I went to St. Petersburg, Russia, via the Baltic Cruisers.
You should return to the village, and there you will find a group of people who are waiting to welcome you with a ceremony.
They are very happy because they want to see the return (of something).
Although Berlin is not a great city for gathering or for the kind of work one does in a large city, I still like to go there to see the sights.
Even though you have very, very many tasks to do, and you are also worried about how to make the plants grow, sometimes you will take one little amount of water and pour it on the plants, and you will not have much water to give them.
I am not going to return. The water will be with you, the fire will be with you, and the suffering of people is not with me.
When you are sick, and you are suffering and feeling pain, and you have a fever, and you are experiencing a cough, because of that fever, when the fever subsides.
They are imprisoning many people, and they are also killing people and burying them in the earth. Time is very short, and they are attacking and destroying everything with force and with cruelty.
When the sun rises, the beautiful rainbow appears, and then the sun's rays illuminate the entire world.
When the sun is setting in the west, the villagers go to the fields to work.
I am returning the money because of the delay. Aerolineas, because they didn't refund you, are now asking people to pay.
I want to go to the good place, looking at the stars, even if it means moving away from those who are helping us.
People of the hills, I am not going to give you a little bit of gold to spend; instead, I will give you a little bit of gold to put in your storehouse, so that when you are in need, you can have it!
Now, the time is near, and the people of the B tribe are preparing to present their beautiful textiles, and they are not afraid of any hardship or difficulty, but they are confident in their work.
Airlines are very necessary for the development of the country, so they should operate efficiently and provide excellent service to passengers.
Moldova is the capital of the country Chişinău. The country of Ukraine is near Romania, and the Russian language is spoken in the north.
In Moldavia, they are gathering the people, and they are asking for support.
In 1994, Maranxa was unhappy about the establishment of the Transnistria Republic, a state within Moldova, and expressed its concern regarding the disruption of its territorial integrity to the UN, requesting recognition.
I am going to return to my homeland in Moldavia, with the intention of being a leader.
Moldavia is a country where the Orthodox Christian religion is practiced.
From Esmerna, a city in the province, to another city in Turkey, three days, seven days, arriving in the middle of the month, with good health, the port of Istanbul is very beautiful.
Go to the city of Smyrna and look at the large city, and look at the town, and look at the old houses, and then see the beautiful, tall mountains.
I am deeply worried about the big problems, the land is drying up, the water is getting scarce, and we are struggling to live, and in 18 days we will be struggling to live in the water-scarce region, and perhaps that big country in Mediterranean Europe, but not even in Turkey.
The people of the Haldarsvik community, from Eysturoy, are gathering and celebrating, and they are going to the small church.
You should return to work immediately.
I want to live in a small world that is in harmony with the community.
I have returned to my town in Sintra, and while I was there, Lord Byron's work taught me a great deal, and it greatly benefited me.
Scotturb Bus 403 goes from Sintra to Cabo da Roca.
I am going to the Fatima Mama Shrine, and then I will visit the Marian statue.
You are a beautiful person, and you are respected by everyone because you are a pure and noble person, but you don't want to be a servant of those who are trying to harm you; therefore, you seek a different way to express yourself.
He/She/It asked the young man to look at the woman and to be with her, but he/she/it wanted to stay with his/her relatives and family, not with strangers.
Return to the center, the high ones are waiting for you, and if you want to find any house, those houses of the Nazis will be waiting for you.
He/She/It wrote graffiti and then walked away, not looking back.
Barcelona is a place where you can speak Catalan, Spanish, and Castilian. For those who are interested, Catalan is good, but for those who have family, Spanish is better.
They are asking the people of Catalonia to help them with their struggles, and if they want, to come and visit that land.
Ukhamarusa, because of the Castilian language, we are all being oppressed and losing everything.
You should return to the Metro station and learn to work, and you should learn to work in Spanish, English, French, Arabic, and Japanese, among other languages.
Parisians' men and women do not know how to walk with feet, but they know how to walk with their hands.
You will not be able to reach the sky, but if you work hard for a good life in Paris, you will have a very beautiful and excellent reputation. You will be able to achieve this if you are diligent.
You will return to the place where you came from, because the people of Paris did not want to wait any longer.
Plitvice, you are very beautiful with your clear waters; the sun shines brightly on the mountains, and the large, beautiful birds fly in that land.
Go back to your place, go back to your family, go back to your home, go back to your land, and that's all.
You are welcome to return it, because it is a good thing for you, for your work, and for your future.
And they were returning, the European people, from the fields, having gathered the crops and other things, and even going to the mountain slopes, and then they were going to the city.
When the women of Nonasterio go to the monastery to pray, they carry a beautiful shawl and a prayer book, and also perform good deeds in the monastery.
She didn't want to be known by that woman, and because of that, the elderly and those with experience were looking for a place to speak, and young people were gathering to listen.
In this time, people are gathering and offering coca leaves.
Because you have gone to the market and, from there, you will not be able to easily take that thing, then it will be very bad that the children are not able to get the sweet from the fruit. So, go and explain it to them!
Mallorquin, we are in the Mediterranean, and we are harvesting a field of wheat, and we are also gathering beans and corn (for our sustenance), and we will take all the olive oil.
I am looking for you in the mountains, in the morning. I brought: olive oil, tomato, tuna with what kind of seasoning.
You should return the text to the place where it came from, and even if you are still alive, write the letter in the beautiful writing, and also to everyone who is still alive.
You are welcome to come to my house, and I will give you a beautiful and sweet drink.
To be secure, and to be able to properly keep a certain thing, if someone calls a small field or a small area by a name other than its proper name, then that person will not be able to succeed.
You are returning Italian, and with it, you are writing, and that is the return of the Aymara.
I am going to return to you, and I will bring a lot of things for you.
You are welcome, and if you want to make an agreement, so that the price can be paid: the first one wants to be able to see, but the second one can be able to see by agreeing on the price.
You are a good person and you speak the truth.
Because the land is suffering, the voice of the earth is crying out, and the people are gathering together to help with the crops.
If you don't know how to speak, you can learn to speak a little Spanish and Portuguese.
You, people of Ukhamara, because of the Castilian language, you are in a situation where you don't understand or are not able to communicate with Portuguese people, and you don't know or have not learned to speak Spanish well.
You have to return the earrings to the person who gave them to you, and if not, you will be punished with the people.
In these times, I don't have the strength to endure hardship or difficult things, but I will, with the help of the community, go to the powerful leader to ask for help, and I will then ask for assistance from the elder.
You have to return the telescope parts, you are requesting them to be returned for a very good reason, and you are asking them to return the things that belong to them.
Sirisa, I am looking for you. I don't know your name, but I am looking for you in the Japanese book number VIII.
I really want to go to China to see my relatives.
In Japan, the Emperor, through his imperial court, has given a respectful greeting to the people on the day of the new year, and also to those who have come from afar.
Because of your kindness and generosity, you are very good, so I want to say "thank you very much" to you.
The sum of the things you have, the silver coins, are "like" [or "similar to"] the wealth of people, but not without a lack.
Singapore is not a place where I can meet you, and therefore I cannot be at the market.
They are celebrating in Ecuador, saying that the "tropical part" (of the world) is not a place to be divided, and that's how it is.
I am a descendant of the Hebron people, and because of that, in the Bible, Abraham speaks about his lineage, namely Isaac, Jacob, and his wives.
I am going to Hebron and I will visit and also to the Jewish people of Kiryat Arba to see the sights.
You should return the gift to me, and then you will be able to go home.
The Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley, and their castles are very beautiful; boats travel along the Danube and the Erie Canal.
To see the world, one must have a strong and clear heart, and the spirit of those who have passed away will support you.
Cristor, because you are dying, Nawira will definitely take your soul, and Jesus will help you.
In the past, they were able to live in good condition, but now they are not able to live in good condition, and they are suffering from hunger and thirst.
Because of the way he/she/it speaks, the illness is spreading and the two Pascua moons are going away.
Jisa, even though you are a Christian and you have the power to forgive, even if you don't want to, Christians will be condemned and will suffer because of their actions.
They were celebrating the Feast of the Lord of the Passions, and in each village, they were having a celebration with much joy, and they were praising and glorifying Christ with great joy.
I have to return to the island, I'm very worried, and I don't know what to do.
Great people, you should not go to the earth with sorrow, so do not let the bitterness of the heart prevent you from exploring the great wonders and the land of the Galapagos.
You will return to the Galapagos and, with your relatives, your ancestors, your spirits, your gods, your animals, your birds, and your livestock, you will offer a sacrifice.
The sun, the Arctic, and the Antarctic are all the same to him; he doesn't care about the cold, and he doesn't sit down to watch the sun rise.
If you return with the earth, you will be with the good world, and the earth will be with you.
Even for the people of the sun, it is not good that they do not gather the corn, and because of that, the people of the waranaka are asking for it.
The Japanese sun is shining brightly, and the people are working hard to prepare for the harvest.
They are afraid, they are worried, and they are not able to explain or tell the story of the events of the past, because they cannot understand the way things happened.
Because of the heavy rain, the crops are very damaged, and most of the harvests are not very good.
When the headman/leader/authority figures are asked what to do in order to bring about the desired outcome, they should not refuse because of that.
