If someone is truly angry, they will be upset and their heart will be troubled.
Dr. Ehud Ur, who is a professor at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia and Canada, has been teaching and conducting research on the history of the Yoruba people and their migration patterns.
I went to the market, but I didn't buy anything because I was worried about the price of sugar, and I was looking for a place to buy sugar that was cheap and had a good reputation.
Tønndö, Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy's Nobel Literature Committee, and the global literary community, who elected Sveriges Radio's editor-in-chief to the committee, announced that Bob Dylan was awarded the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature, and they also explained their decision.
Darius said, "The water is not clear, and it is difficult to drink. The earth is always covered in a thick layer of black soil, and it is a good place to grow crops. It is a beautiful sight."
Folloe, Ring Nyema, Jamie Siminoff, they are a team that has been working hard and have reached their workshop to build beautiful and modern things.
He said that the WiFi wasn't working, and he was angry.
Siminoff is a former judge on the Shark Tank episode that aired in 2013, and he is one of the investors in early-stage startups.
In 2017, Siminoff discussed Sanni on QVC.
He/She/It is a ring that is used to fix a bicycle, but also for ADT.
He was thinking about the stories that were told about Ebola, and how it spread from person to person, causing a lot of fear and panic among the people.
The disease is spreading, ZMapp, and it is also affecting those who have been in contact with the infected, and the symptoms are severe and debilitating, leading to the loss of life.
The palm tree is very tall and has many fruits, and it provides food and shelter for those who live under it, and it also provides medicinal properties that are used to heal various ailments.
The US has rejected the Committee of Olympik's request for a delay in the opening of the Games, and has demanded a full explanation from the African National Congress.
The USOC (United States Office of Cultural Affairs) has completed a study that shows the problems and challenges in the production of traditional textiles, and it has also studied traditional textile production, which has led to the creation of new designs and the promotion of traditional weaving skills. This is a great opportunity for the future.
The USA is ashamed of the suffering of the victims, and it seems that they have not yet been able to fully address the issue, and I am saddened to see the many atrocities committed by Larry Nassar and the impunity that he enjoyed, and I am saddened that we have not yet been able to fully learn from this.
American gymnastics is being supported by the USOC – the Olympic Committee, and it is seeking to develop a new generation of gymnasts who will be able to compete at the highest level, in terms of strength, speed, and agility.
In 1960, Brzezinski and Baara were in John F. Kennedy's office, discussing going to see Lyndon B. Johnson to persuade him.
San 1976, San 1976, it was evident that Carter's administration, in its time, established political connections and also had a close relationship with the American people, who enjoyed the popularity of the time. (JLB) From 1977 to 1981, Henry Kissinger was Secretary of State.
It is said that Carter, the world's son, was born in Camp David on January 1, 1978, when Iran was invaded, and the Iranian hostages were released in 1979, as well as the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
The movie, Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, is a delightful experience.
Gosling and Stone starred in the movie "Balla Kolo" and sang a beautiful song.
Sugantili is a powerful thing; it encompasses film, cinematography, visual arts, music, film direction, storytelling, acting, scriptwriting, and the production of films that are appreciated by people.
The movie was very good, Lamel! (Fatɔw is a good person) and Dolow is strong, and they are all striving to bring joy to people. Lionsgate Studio is releasing it on August 26th, and they are showing the movie to the public.
He said to himself, the American President Donald Trump, the telephone calls were followed, and the letters were to America from the beginning to the end, according to the Syrian regime's wishes.
The Kunnafoni in Lasera Trump and Turkey are reportedly supporting Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
Turki, I am telling you that ISIS is destroying our country and causing a lot of suffering, and they are using phones to spread their propaganda, and they are doing it in a coordinated way.
If I were a very wise person and had many children, I would have told them to be careful and to always listen to the words of their elders, because the wisdom of elders is something that helps one to grow and to achieve success in life.
The red-skinned people of the forest have a diet rich in vegetables and fruits, and they are good at collecting carrots and other things.
He/She is waiting for the child to come and bring the firewood to build a fire.
The dinosaur's skin was very tough, and no one could tear it, because it was covered in scales that were like - like - small stones, and its skin was so strong that it could withstand any attack from its enemies.
The rain has stopped and the sun has come out, and the children are playing in the dust, running around and laughing. The little birds are singing happily, and the world is becoming beautiful again as the sun shines.
It is true that the young people are not understanding, and the way of speaking has changed, so they are now trying to learn the language of their ancestors.
The mobile vendor was in front of the hospital and sold roasted corn, nuts, and used tires, and also sold shoes and clothes for men and women who are walking.
The teacher and the students are all present in the classroom and are studying diligently.
The police are searching for those who committed the Daesh (ISIS) attacks that resulted in the deaths of many innocent people.
You have done well to understand the principles of the kalow; kalow is a system that has the ability to create a circular, rotational, and forceful motion.
They were very worried about the disease that Rossby had, and they were desperately looking for a way to heal him.
Rossby is saying that the rains are coming, and the harvest is good, which is a blessing to the people of the Mali region.
When the sun sets, Iwasaki is looking for someone to talk to.
The pirate is a hero, the Wolof people are good at Tibet, and they are skilled in trading, buying goods from Nepal, and they are known to be generous.
Noremu 802.11n operates on the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequencies.
We are going to use 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g technologies to provide wireless internet access for the users.
The Telia 802.11n connection is strong, allowing the phone to access a network with a speed of up to 600Mbit/s via a Telia connection.
Duvall, although I don't understand what you're saying, I think it's good, but if Miller doesn't agree, then my chickens are still my property.
When I asked Miller, "Mike is just a student here... I have been going to school and I have been going to see my friends that I have been looking for."
The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) experienced continuous growth and reached a peak of 2020, exceeding the 2005 level.
My father and mother gave me a lot of advice, and the elders of the village and the people of my generation listened to my words.
He is a leader of the people. "If the situation continues like this, we will all suffer."
There are no more big ones who say "If you are angry because of your worries and you are ashamed, then you will be saved."
The Iraqi refugees had been living in the camp for 12 years.
He is a leader of the people, a man of wisdom and experience, who has traveled to Iraq and learned about the history of the world, and his words are always true and benefit the people.
The chief in the village and the elders are worried about the problems of the world and the American people, and they are discussing how to solve these issues with the people of Asia.
They were looking for the people of Lagosili, and they asked for a table to sit on because they were tired. The Iraqi people then brought a beautiful table and sat down, talking and talking endlessly.
It is important to return to the 78th person who was involved in the destruction of the Iraqi people and the suffering of the oppressed, and to bring to light the stories of those who were killed and the abuses committed against the people and the oppressed.
Crisrina Fernandez de Kirchner, who was born in the Argentine province of Muso, was president of Argentina. Her office is in La Plata, and it is 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Mrs. Kirchner had a large house in the Arizantine neighborhood, and she started to build a palace in Buenos Aires in 2005, which was completed in late 2008.
The return of the elder and the leader are my desire, and I am happy that the courageous and respectful Katrina's kindness was shown to Bush New Orleans Bank.
The old man said in his wisdom that the white people are like the little birds, and they are going to Washington to meet the powerful people.
They have built a school for a million people, and the people of Rome are celebrating it.
The sun was shining, and they had come to see the crowd that was gathered in St. Peter's Square.
The people of the north are always looking for a place, even in Rome, where they can settle.
Italy is a beautiful country and one of the most beautiful in the world, like Poland, where people are very friendly and always welcoming to strangers.
He was pulling the bag and the FBI table, looking for a new witness to tell the truth and bring the thief to justice, as if the mobile phone and the witness were going to give the exact location.
The major reason I came here is to tell you that in 2005, the FBI and a group of over 10 people were searching for the missing person.
Robin Uthappa, he is a different kind of player, he scored 70 goals and 41 assists, and he won 11 times and 2 awards.
Camacɛ kulu gosilikɛlaw, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid were the best cricketers of their time.
Now, you have to go to the market to buy food, India is 36 miles and 7 miles away and the journey is long.
In the United States, during the time of President George W. Bush, Singapore will host the 16th East Asia Summit.
The Singapore Minister of Foreign Affairs, Wong Kan Seng, met with the Singapore Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lee Hsien Loong.
The returnees from France brought letters, coffee, and bush to the people of Africa, and the Yiriwali people came from Asia.
Stephen Harper's government announced a partnership with the "Fiyɛn Jɛlen Sariyasen" (Green New Deal) in the 2008 election, promising to reduce carbon emissions and promote renewable energy, according to a statement from the NDP leader Jack Layton and the Prime Minister's Office.
Layton, the Conservation and Environment Minister and Prime Minister, expressed his concern about the "drying up of the wells."
The Marabaaw people of Devonport, Tasmania, and the MP from Lagos, along with other representatives, have written a letter expressing their concern about the issue that was filed in November.
As Minister of Finance, John Howard approved a settlement of $45 million AUD for the compensation of victims of the Kanene massacre.
When the people were running and the earthquake happened, the tsunami that came was very strong and destroyed much of the land. The tsunami struck powerfully in Pago Pago and Niue.
The elders and the chiefs are not happy that the water level has risen to the Tonga region, and they are worried that a tsunami might hit Tonga, so they are asking the PTWC to issue an alert.
Hawaii's success is a result of the efforts of the people of Alamisadon, and their actions are well-known.
American era newspaper George W. Bush was in the news.
The bush, as Gordon Johndroe and Worodugu Kore have said, calls for "The time of hardship is when the heart of the people is full of worry and the village is filled with sorrow."
Atilantiki, the Subtropical region, is a neighbor of the Atlantic Ocean.
The JHS (Jamana Haurricane Soba) team is currently in the area, looking for Jerry in the forest.
U.S. engineers, after examining a 6-inch pipe, decided to cut it off completely.
The Ninth Ward, I still remember the devastating Hurricane Katrina of 2005, how it caused immense damage and destruction to the homes.
He has been studying French for 100 years.
They were asking about the Adam Cuerden project, and they were looking for information to add to Wikipedia, but they couldn't find it.
Ale [Wales] says the medicine is in the cabinet of the doctor. However, it is also used to heal wounds and to strengthen the body. Furthermore, it is used to treat fever, and it is made from the bark of the [tree] *kofɔli*.
The return of the people from the Maracogo region, with their livestock and goods, has brought a great deal of wealth to the community, exceeding millions of CFA francs.
The ancestral spirits have been visiting us and have instructed us that the table will be used to identify the direction of the stars of Sagittarius.
The old ones said that the Milky Way is a place where the spirits of the ancestors live and where the spirits of the deceased are gathered.
It is said that the stars are like a thread that connects all things, and that the stars are the names of the ancestors, who reside in the large Milky Way galaxy, and that the stars are the names of the ancestors who reside in the large Sagittarius galaxy.
He said that he wanted to go to the market and that he wanted to go to the market to buy a lot of things and that he wanted to go to the market to sell things.
He is asking if the water in the river is flowing and if the river is getting wider, and he is asking if the people who live there are okay.
He was told by the women of the village that he should not bring problems.
The man who is afraid of the world is afraid of the earth, and he is afraid of the sun and he is afraid of the birds that are around me.
They are transporting radioactive Caesium and Iodine, and the containers are being sealed.
The person who is looking for something has been searching for a long time, and is very tired.
Dr. Tony Moll reports that XDR-TB (Extensively Drug-Resistant Tuberculosis) is a major concern in KwaZulu-Natal.
The man is looking for something, and he has been asking "Are there any people who are like those who have been punished and are now acting as if they are respected?"
The arrival of the doctor is a good thing, and it is a matter of joy for the people because he is a good person.
The people of Kelen say that the children in the village are facing a severe famine, with 10 to 15 people dying daily.
However, XDR-TB is a major health concern because it affects people and can spread to 6,000 people and 330,000 people who are in contact with those who have been infected in the African continent.
The satellite, which carries a payload of 1,000 pounds and travels at a speed of 17,500 miles per hour, will cover 491 miles per hour of the Earth's circumference.
Science is a great inheritance that remains with us here in this place.
No one should try to enlarge the power of the government with those who are corrupt.
United States Strategic Command is part of the U.S. Department of Defense and coordinates with these.
They are using the internet for communication and information.
The doctor said that Pittsburgh medical doctors, Pennsylvania's chief medical officers, were asking for a mobile clinic to be established in Akron, Ohio.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, age 29, has been working hard to collect T-shirts and selling them to raise money for Blue Ash, Ohio, and to support the Cincinnati homeless.
A large, respected man was walking and, because he had a lot of money, he gave 500 cows.
Yes, you are Saroja Balasubramanian, your age is 53, and you have many beautiful and interesting stories.
The police are looking for someone who has a small radio and is [involved in] a commotion.
The children were following the laser, and the Zulu people were looking at the fire.
Children are playing in the yard, and the women are chatting among themselves.
When a person is sick, they go to the healer to receive treatment, or if the sickness is severe, they go to the hospital and receive medical attention, and the traditional healers also consult with their spirits and perform rituals.
Encephalitis, a deadly disease, has unfortunately claimed the lives of many children in the region.
The matter has been discussed, and we have learned that the people of the village have been suffering from a shortage of food, and the children have been struggling to find enough to eat because of the drought, and they have been going to the market to beg for food.
In 1956, the Swedish government, through its Swedish National Committee for the Promotion of Education, sent a delegation to visit and study the education system of Mali.
There are 1000 people who have already gone to Sweden or Germany.
The child has been taking medication for encephalitis, and is now recovering. He has been experiencing fever and headache for several days.
A certain person claimed that Swedish mat and the traditional woven cloth were created by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl around 2000, and this was recorded in the Guinness Book of World Records.
When the price of rice increases, the cost of living becomes very expensive, and the salary of government officials and people in positions of power is increased to 5 or 100 Canadian dollars.
Sirabakasara is a market, Gibson is a doctor there, and he is a very good doctor.
My friends, the story is of 64 years, and the bad things have happened.
When the sun rises, the children go to school.
Sirabakasara, the people of the village have been having difficulties because they don't have enough resources to make a good living, and they are struggling to find food and drink.
You have come to the city and you are looking for a place to sleep.
The elders from our community have been discussing the current situation of the world, the advancements of technology and digital communication.
The elder's advice is to be strong and not to be afraid of anyone; to be brave and to always speak the truth, and to be a good person in the eyes of everyone.
Musaga be, they are looking for a place to settle, they are tired of hardship, and they are worried about the future.
It's a pity that the person who used to be very knowledgeable now seems to be forgetting things and is now being blamed and criticized.
The man is very wise; he is known for his good words and his ability to speak eloquently and decisively, and he is respected by all.
He/She is sick, and the doctor said that he/she needs 40,000 CFA francs to get treatment and to buy medicine.
The people are going to the market to buy food, so the market is crowded with people.
The story of the elder is that he has 10 or 11 children, and they are all well-behaved.
Listen, the people of the village have abandoned their traditional ways and are embracing the ways of the white people.
They brought the sheep and goats, and they were counting them; it was 11:35.
The school was established in 1963, and it was said that the people were already struggling with poverty.
They have been suffering from hardship and struggle because of the bad behavior of the leaders, and we are their advocates.
The big children are gathering their belongings and are about to go to school, and they are very happy.
The situation is such that the people of the village are already complaining about the destruction of their farms, and the digital authorities are able to follow up and ensure that the causes of the problems are identified and addressed.
When the tsunami happened, I was in Jakarta and I felt the shaking and the movement of the earth, and the earthquake was felt as a tremor, and the intensity was 6.5.
The situation regarding the arrival of the people of the southern region is such that the people of the north are struggling, and they are in need of assistance and support.
Winfire didn't say anything, but he was looking at the four children and they were looking at him with curiosity.
They are going to the market to buy food and clothes. They are also going to the chief's house to pay respect.
Namibian people are diligently working and are concerned about the future, and they trust in Hifikepunye Pohamba and his leadership.
The Fanga tribe, who were formerly known as the Fanga people of South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), were loyal to the liberation struggle.
The arrival of the Afghan people was very good, and the people of the area were happy, because they had not seen such a thing before.
The people of Pankurunkasara are always looking for a good place to live, and they are all struggling to find one.
It is because of the suffering of the people that the chief has returned.
The people of Baɲum have received assistance from Medical Charity Mangola, Doctors Without Borders, and the DiɲɛKɛnɛyaTɔnba organization, which is providing medicine and food to the children.
Doctors Without Borders spokesperson Veerman said: "Angola's recent escalation of violence against civilians is unacceptable. Angola needs to stop this and allow humanitarian aid to reach those in need."
The Mathako family, known for their strong spirit and having nurtured many players who have excelled in the 7's rugby, are the oldest family in the 7's rugby here.
Athaki (South Africa) defeated a team from Zambia 26-0, placing them fifth in the tournament.
The rains in Matlavere are a blessing, South Africa is blessed with the first harvest.
He warned them of the punishment, informed them of the consequences of disobedience, and summoned their attackers so that they might meet at the crossroads, and showed them that the attackers were those who had plotted against him.
The story of Anne Frank, a young girl who hid with her family and others from the Nazis in Amsterdam during World War II, is a powerful testament to the resilience of the human spirit and the horrors of persecution.
The school children were learning their lessons diligently, and they were eager to go home.
The name of the chiefdom is "Balimamuso Wolonfilaw," and it has a population of 100 people, with 250 (or 328 to 820) households.
The person who is always watching and thinking, their worry has caused them to lose sleep.
The children who were born and raised, even though they were born with nothing, became wealthy.
They called for the people and they went to the market to buy food, and they asked the people to bring food.
French people, the stories we are telling today are about the challenges of the people of Mali: the stories are of the struggle of the people of Mali, because they have been victims of the French.
He asked his parents about the difficulties that people were facing, and his parents told him that the difficulties were not easy to overcome and that they were persistent.
The French are being pursued by the Fulani and are fleeing.
In 1988, the people of Mali were very concerned about the problems of literacy and education, and they were demanding changes in the educational system and the way it is taught.
He said that the people of this place are worried because they haven't been able to find food. However, the leaders have been gathering in groups, and the soldiers are firing in bursts.
My Asus Eee computer, which I bought with my salary, is not working properly, so I took it to the Taiwan service center and it took me about 2007 to get it repaired in Taipei.
In the near future, the organization will establish a digital library with a collection of 2007 Taiwanese marriage certificates, which will be digitized and made available online for a fee in Chinese Yuan.
He said that the problem is that we are no longer able to work together, and I am very sad about the division among the people!
When it is time to go to the market, we go to the chief of the village to ask for permission to sell our goods, and I am one of the traders.
In 2005, the confrontation between Toginet and his people ended with the Astronet.
He said that they had a discussion about moving to Texas and the weather there.
Sonyali has been longing for a good job, and how our youth are traveling to Bishkek and beyond.
Bishkek is a city that has a large population, and the people are very friendly and welcoming, and they are always happy to help those who are in need.
Bishkek is a beautiful city; its people are hardworking and they are good neighbors.
They (from New Zealand) played a rugby match between JamanaSaba and the Royal Bafokeng Stadium, Rustenburg, South Africa.
If someone is severely ill, 21 and 20, the family pays 15 shea nuts as a symbolic offering to the spirits of the ancestors.
I am a Springbok fan, and I have 5 coconuts.
We watched the All Blacks play, and we were very happy because they defeated their rivals.
They (we) went to Ellis Park, Johannesburg, to watch the match, I support the Springboks against Australia.
The earthquake that struck Montana occurred at 10:08 AM local time.
The Kunafoni team, in collaboration with the United States Geological Survey (USGS), is working on a Kunafoni database.
From Dillion, it is 20 kilometers (15 miles) to the kaɲɛka-kaɲɛka-kɔrɔnyanfan, and 65 kilometers (45 miles) to Butte worodugu.
The avian influenza virus, H5N1, is a very dangerous disease, which has been spreading rapidly. It has been found in Marshland Lions, domestic chickens, and in France.
France in the time of the Fulani, was a Union of European countries that children used to go to in Corsica, Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece, and Italy.
The disease among people, H5N1, is a deadly flu, which has affected the domestic animals, Marshland Lyon, French cattle, and.
"It is said that the value of land is so high that it is sold for millions and millions of West African CFA francs."
Chambers, he said, and he also said "it is not finished yet" and "a person is strong when a person is strong in their own work."
Camille Sancлын, his second governor, said, "I think the French will eventually be defeated by the power of Japan."
The people of the village have been speaking about the seriousness of the situation, and the elders are urging them to take action before it's too late.
The opponents of Newt Gingrich, Texas Governor Rick Perry, and congresswoman Michele Bachmann are gathering to discuss the future of the nation, and also about their weaknesses.
The people of Jabiw are divided between Gingrich and Santorum, and they are considering Romney, but I have reason to believe it is a matter of superficiality.
Perry said, "According to what I heard, if the Texas government continues to try to suppress the truth and silence people who speak out against corruption, then they will eventually lose the support of the people and the country, and the 21st century will remember this."
Bachmann, the Ames Straw Poll is over, and the results are out.
I went to the hospital at UCLA Medical Center, and I had surgery.
When we are in a meeting, we spend 20 weeks going back and forth. "How did Bieber get that?" And we are tired of seeing them and when we look at their faces, they are so full of jealousy and hatred.
The latest news from TMZ reports that a large fire broke out in Sepulveda, causing significant damage and prompting the evacuation of nearby residents. The California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection is working to extinguish the flames, and the cause of the fire is currently under investigation.
The elder people, they have no more strength to work, because they are too old and have lost their vigor.
The whole world is suffering because people are fighting, and the suffering of the world is because people are not united.
Anna Jochemsen from the Netherlands and Katja Saarinen from Finland were my favorites in the Super-G, but Katja Saarinen was my favorite in the downhill.
The Australian kaw (likely referring to a person or group from Australia) and Mitchell Gourley are the winners of the Super-G race. The Czechs Oldri and Jelinek are also winners of the Super-G race.
Arly Velasquez and Adam Hall are enjoying a meal at Supper-G. Adam Hall from New Zealand is enjoying Super-G's food.
Polish skier Maciej Krezel and Anna Ogarzynska won the gold medals in the Super-G race. South Korean skier Jong Seork Park won the silver medal in the Super-G race.
My dear friends, the UN, considering the devastation of Haiti following the 2010 earthquake, was tasked with providing assistance to the people who were left without homes and whose buildings were destroyed.
Following the advice of that, we were able to reach the camp of the UN which is far from the heart of Artibonite, one of the largest communities here in Haiti.
Since the 1800s, Haiti has faced successive crises caused by the same issues.
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy has been tasked with investigating the cause of the earthquake that affected the UN offices in Nepal, and the findings will inform the reparations that Haiti seeks.
Danielle Lantagne, who was the UN representative from that office, said that the alleged perpetrators used that same financial resources.
Hamilton went to Sanfè village to see his relatives and bring them gifts.
The Banabaatɔ people are from Nigeria, and they are a group of people who were affected by Ebola.
He is teaching his children about the importance of studying to get good grades and to become successful adults.
Yani Simpsons and Simon are brothers, but they are not always happy.
In 1980, he/she/it released the song "Jemukan" and performed it on Takisi in, Tracy Ullman's Jemukan.
In 1989, the Simpsons were created by Matt Groening and became a very popular animated television show.
In 1993, the government of Mali received a donation of 10 million dollars from Germany to build a school.
They went to Siniani to get Xinhua, and they came back with a great amount of money.
Kunafoni, the people of the Sebentiya tribe, have brought their belongings to the village and are in great distress. The Kunafoni people have been driven out and are seeking refuge in Afghanistan, specifically in Kandahar.
The people of the village went to the market in the town of Afghanistan, and they were looking for a job to earn money to buy things like clothes and shoes in Urumqi.
He is a good person to protect Iran, and I am asking you to tell him that we are not in danger, that the people of the world are very happy.
The man brought the cloth to the market and sold it.
The dog is barking loudly, and the children are running to get their firewood.
The drought in Iran has caused a severe shortage of water, and the people are suffering greatly. It is estimated that 168 villages have been completely deserted due to the lack of water.
When it is time for the people to gather and discuss things, the elders give advice.
Aerosmith is a very popular band.
Roki and his family were traveling from Africa to America via Canada on September 16th.
He (or She) is looking for someone who has a beautiful face, Steven Tyler's bananas are already in the blender and are ready to be eaten, Utikalo tile 5.
Murray and his friends were very happy to see the beautiful children playing in the rain and they quickly ran to find a place to hide.
Del Potro and Seppi played a match, and it was very close, with the score tied at 6-6.
He/She/It is looking for a way to get somewhere, as if seeking guidance from the ancestors.
The meeting will be held at 8:30 (UTC 15h00).
The time when the elephant was in the forest was a time of great hardship, many people suffered, Lord Shyam is gracious.
Donkilidala Sanju Sharma is selling a lot, and Shankar Choudhary is waiting for a favorable time. He has fifty-six kinds of delicacies. Donkilidala Khandelwal also bought something.
The coffee of Lakkha Singh is for the people.
Chappan Bhog is 108 (Hinduism, with 56 offerings, including food offerings, flower offerings, incense offerings, and a respectful greeting, and they all reach Baba Shyam).
Lakkha ye chappan bhajan fana yira. Donkilidala Kandelwal tun be k'a bilasira. The hundred and fifty-six songs are finished. Donkilidala Kandelwal is now going to distribute them.
Tokiyo Alamusa, Satoru Iwata, the president of Nintendo, died on May 11, 2015.
The story of the person who was a great leader was told, and they were praised for their wisdom and strength, and their actions were known throughout the land.
He went to the market to buy food and he was looking for something to eat because he was very hungry.
Giancarlo's mobile phone rang, and he answered it immediately, wanting to know what happened in the village.
The meeting between Fernando Alonso and the representatives of the fans was held in a friendly atmosphere, and they discussed the new contract for the driver.
Michael Schumacher and Fernando Alonso had a fierce rivalry, because their battles in Formula 1 were very intense.
The woman is very good at making and selling beaded jewelry.
The water is very cold and it is also flowing, the sun is shining.
Three people were sitting under the tree, and they were talking about the difficulties of life and how they were trying to find solutions.
Now, I am not able to do that because I am not able to understand the Bambara language. I am an AI and do not have the ability to translate languages. However, I can suggest you use a translation tool or consult a Bambara speaker for an accurate translation.
NASA's report, Mr. Wayne Jr., had drawn a lot of attention because it said "the Earth is getting hotter."
The road from Sanga to Kourou is very long, the distance is 70 kilometers and it is a difficult road...the mud is very deep, and people who travel quickly often get stuck in the mud, they travel through villages that are very deep, and people work hard to clear the path so that vehicles can pass.
"Those who are respected and have achieved greatness, and whose children are respected and have achieved greatness, men will say they are like a shining light, and men will praise them as they seek their favor," said Armand.
The NHK (Japan Broadcasting Corporation) incident at the Kashiwazaki-Kariwa nuclear power plant, which released radioactive water into the ocean, caused widespread concern and fear among the people of Niigata.
Yeelendiso Hokuriku Electric Power Co. has suspended power supply to the entire city for 3 hours and 21 minutes.
A group of people traveled from 9400 kilometers and walked to the village, and 100 women and girls walked to the village.
The situation is serious, and the people of the village are gathered to discuss the problems of the people of Noto, and they are asking for support to address these issues.
The teacher is going to the market to buy food.
The snake has bitten the child, and the child is suffering from the pain.
The situation in Kounafoni is very tense, and there are reports of clashes between the community and the authorities, resulting in 30 people being injured, and about 10 are seriously wounded.
Cyanuric acid, also known as melamine, is a chemical that can cause kidney stones and, if ingested in large quantities, can lead to kidney failure.
The man was very happy because he had a good job and a comfortable house.
Sanfɛkalansokoɲɛɲininaw is a type of fertilizer that is made from the combination of melamine and cyanuric acid, and it is used to control algae.
The study investigated the effect of fermented maize flour on the nutritional composition and infrared spectroscopy (FTIR) of cowpea.
They gave him a lot of money, and the Americans who were looking for a place to live decided to buy a house.
The people of the Sissian region are sending a large group of young people to America to study and work. They are also going to learn a lot.
You are not supposed to be angry; you will not get anything good from it.
They are looking for a man, a man who can take a wife from a wealthy family.
California has a large number of Arnold Schwarzeneggers who are very famous for playing action-packed video games and also for being physically fit.
They were watching videos, and they saw that in California, a certain "18" was being sold for around $1000 and they were eagerly buying them.
The current situation is that Kier Starmer QC, and the Labour Party are beginning to gain ground, and the Huhne and Pryce team are also gaining traction.
Huhne demisiyɔnnera wa a bɛ na nɔɔrɔbila a ka baarayɔrɔ la ni Wasaden Ed Davey ye. Wasaden Norman Lamp min makɔnɔnen do ka Davey nɔnabila jamana ni jamana wɛrɛw cɛ-Minisiriso la ni a lankolon do fɔlɔ. Wasaden Ed Davey, Wasaden Norman Lamp, and the Minister of Foreign Affairs, who are both from the same family, have returned from a mission.
Huhne was brought to Pryce's trial at Westminster Magistrates Court on February 16th.
Siranyamɔgɔw and Nicholas Alden are 25, and Zachary Cuddeback is 21. Cuddeback is his mobile.
Edgar Veguilla and I were in the village and Kristoffer Schneider and I started looking for a doctor.
The people of the village, because of the Schneider that the people are, and the medicine they received, they were vaccinated against tetanus.
Schneider went and bought a USAF shirt because he was looking for something to wear.
Arabadon is sleeping in the forest, and Carpanedo and his companions are gathering around the sleeping Arabadon.
A group of people went to Silalomi, and I went to A M'a Laban to gather wood for the funeral. 36 people were killed in the conflict, and 116 were injured.
The elders were gathered, and they were Silalɔmiba, who fought bravely and also helped to gather the precious stones that were being moved at 4:41.30, 2:11.60, and the missionaries who followed the path to Australia, Claudia Loesch, and the missionaries who went to Hungary, Gyogyi Dani.
If you are going to the market to buy something, or if you are going to buy 45 liters of water from Silalomi Ba, you must pay.
Madhya Pradesh's Lakanatigilamɔgɔw is a place where ordinary people and those who have been wronged find solace.
Fɛsɛfɛsɛli Njemogoba dankan DK Arya said, "I am a man of great knowledge, I have seen Swiss people using ordinary and sophisticated computers and I can do it."
The ancestors of Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar, and Vishnu Kanjar are Jalakitigiw.
Lakana Chandra Shekhar Solanko, the son of the chief of the Kourouba people, has come to see his relatives.
We have a lot of things in this world that are not as good as what is in your hand.
The child is eating a banana with his/her hand.
Sirakan is a difficult situation, and I am worried that the man will be angry and will try to take the Audi TT that he stole.
He and Addenbrooke Kɛnɛyaso are in Cambridge.
Oh, you are coming from the big school of Addenbrooke and you are going to Cambridge.
Adekoya is going to Edinburgh to see Sheriff Kiiriso, and he will explain the details of the saga.
He is very busy and always working hard, and he often goes to the market to sell things.
He was a very good person, and he always went to church, and he was a Christian and a good example for people.
Dundee Sanfɛ, Pamela Fergus Karamɔgɔ, Professor Pamela Ferguson said, "Inafɔ Kunnafonidilaw be ka taama farati sira dɔ kan ni siganamɔgɔ in ka jaw ani fɛn wɛrɛ jɛnsɛnni ye." translates to: Dundee Sanfɛ, Pamela Fergus Karamɔgɔ, Professor Pamela Ferguson said: "The reason for the confusion is that some people are making false accusations and spreading rumors among the people."
Since then, the Palestinian people have been struggling, and since 1967, they have been fighting for their land.
Since the land is sacred, the Palestinians have been fighting since the Six-Day War of 1967 for their land.
Or perhaps the Israelite slave wanted to go to the land of the Pharaohs, and he went to Jordan, France, and more.
The Israelites had a very beautiful house, and they knew French, but they didn't understand the language of the wealthy people, and they used to go and look at it and think, "Oh, this beautiful house is not yet finished."
They have already brought the necessary things, and they are looking for a good place to settle down and live, and then they will settle down in a place where they will be safe and secure.
Neither the NPWS nor the Farikoloɲɛnajɛ Kisɛcilaw of the Ton people, including NSW inc, have yet received their customary tribute.
Mick O'Flynn said that Kené Lakanali and Tiyén ni Njemogɔ, the chief and his people, were in great pain and suffering, and they were looking for a way to get rid of the bad smell that was bothering them, and they wanted to find a different way to live.
Martley is a good person, and the people of Kalafiliko are grateful to him for his kindness.
Martelly is the president of the CEP (political party).
When the time of the people's suffering comes, the government’s responsibility is to provide education so that children can be equipped with knowledge to build a better future.
The situation in Haiti was very difficult, and the people were suffering greatly in October.
They started to sell a lot of bananas in the market, and the price was very high, so people were complaining about the prices in 2011.
He/She/It has been in the city for 60 days, but doesn't have the strength to continue, and is weak and suffering, and the men are worried about him/her/it.
The government of the Republic of Mali has released a list of 27 individuals in connection with the coup d'état.
The market is very busy and METI and Apple are selling things for 34,000 CFA francs, but it is not enough to feed the people.
The minister said that Apple is using a new feature to block users who say "I don't understand."
Mariana was mentioned in the book of Acts 7:19 (9:19 p.m. GMT Friday).
The Northern Mariana Office has informed me that it is not possible for me to participate in the proceedings.
Pacific Tsunami Warning Center announces a tsunami.
A Filipino man whom I knew went to Hong Kong and established a business of transporting people to Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza was arrested with an M16 rifle and ammunition.
Some people, being filled with shame and having been taught, are now working together to achieve this.
Three people, some of whom are children and some are adults, were so ashamed that they completely abandoned these Filipino crafts.
He/She has collected the fruits and is waiting for the chief who promised to give them to her. Mendoza was captured and killed.
Liggins took the sick person to the doctor.
A woman gave birth at Auckland's National Women's Hospital in 1959.
The doctor and Lippins are very happy because they have found a solution to the problem, and they are going to share it with everyone.
He is a good person; he has been looking for a way to give his children a good education.
Xinhua, there are many things that are being discussed and the people are seeking advice from the Arabs.
The snake is very beautiful, like the moon.
Tommy Dreamer says "The moon is very beautiful and majestic. The stars are shining. The moon is giving light. Its beauty is great. The stars are shining."
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels said to me, "The moon is beautiful and it has brought... a certain feeling... a feeling that he will be a great person and that he will become known to many."
He collected 1,400 people and they were supposed to leave in 2010, but they went to Australia and were evacuated because of a bushfire that affected 8 people and caused damage in 2008.
Former Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard gave a speech at the University of Melbourne on the occasion of the 2010 Reconciliation Week.
The King of Sweden sent a letter to Masakemuso Elizabeth II in Australia.
He was very happy, celebrating his 29th birthday in Australia with his German friends and family, and he said that his 31st birthday in Australia would never be without his German friends.
The Olympic athletes who run the 100 meters or 200 meters, and the officials who award the gold medal, will be rewarded with a significant amount of money.
But if a person is tired and has no food, how can one find the strength to continue?
Curtis Cooper, who is a student at the University of Central Missouri, has earned a degree in marketing and has a total credit count of 25.
The man is very knowledgeable in hardware and software and he works quickly to meet the needs of his customers.
The situation of food insecurity is increasing, and it is affecting the nutritional status of children and the overall health of the population.
The young man is known for his strong determination and ability to achieve his goals, and his perseverance in pursuing knowledge and skills allows him to reach great heights.
Cuomo, age 53, has been a prominent figure in the Democratic party and has consistently supported policies that benefit the working class, even when they are unpopular.
The country is deeply affected by political instability.
The election was held on November 2016.
Next generation leaders should be strong, possess good morals, and be able to lead the people with wisdom and justice, and to be committed to the development of the nation.
He is a very good person, and he is known for his kindness and generosity, and he is always ready to help those in need.
They went to Wembley, and the motorcar and the cars that were being used to transport the football were very crowded.
The man (or person) who goes to the market to buy a lot of things is very wealthy.
The future of science is important to understand for the development of education in the Equateur and Galápagos Islands.
The academic exchange program between Prince University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden allows students from all universities to study and conduct research in the field, focusing on the work of Darwin and Geospiza fortes, and the cactus species, Geospiza Conirostris.
They said they were looking for a problem to solve. They said they were looking for a big challenge.
They are gathering together to discuss the issues of the youth and the elderly. They are also making a great effort to maintain peace and harmony.
They say the child is a blessing, and when a child is born, they bring good tidings and joy. They say that the elders gather and speak, and the people say "may you live long."
They have not yet finished building the road and the bridge. They say they will use vehicles to transport goods.
The man who carries water and acid, who makes a lot of noise, is looking for trouble.
The water is acidic (low pH).
Hydrogen ions and protons are like electrons (they are like protons or electrons, and they are hydrogen ions).
He/She/It is taking care of the children and is teaching them to read and write.
I am going to the market today to buy clothes, and my mother said that I should buy something nice.
The people of the ancient cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro used to build houses with bricks, and they used the bricks of the common people.
The system of the Jinoku was like the Minoan civilization of Crete and Santorini, Greece.
The people of the north were in Egypt, Persia, and China. They were very wealthy, and the people of the north were known for their beautiful clothing and jewelry, which they traded with people of all tribes and nations.
They were discussing how to use the satellite for communication.
The satellite we saw in the sky is what the people are talking about.
The satellite is able to photograph the Earth from space. Scientists have used telescopes to capture images of the Earth and its atmosphere.
The child (or little one) is looking at the sky, using a telescope or binoculars to see the satellite.
The community is deeply concerned about the increasing number of young people who are using drugs and engaging in risky behaviors, and they are asking for help from religious leaders and traditional authorities.
He has a big car and a motorcycle, and he is very busy.
I am going to the market to buy food, clothing, and other necessities.
Go now, and be careful (because the beginning of the story is about to be told) that you may not lose your way, or your health, or your possessions, or your family, or your people.
The village elder and the people, their days are filled with hardship and struggle, but they remain strong and endure because of their faith in God.
They are saying that the problem of people being forced to pay for something they didn't want is increasing, and they want to start a group to teach people about avoiding being scammed.
The Fulani people are always looking for reasons to fight, and the Mandinka people are always looking for reasons to retaliate.
He is very strong, he is a warrior and a great hunter.
They were carrying people, some young and some old, and the people of the village were afraid of the war and the attacks (as the sounds of fighting could be heard), and they fled.
It was a big problem, the children were already looking for a way (because the situation was very difficult), and the people of the village, even the women and men, were all gathered to discuss how to solve the problem.
The leopard and the lion, the leopard and the cheetah, and the leopard and the serval are all related. They share a common ancestor.
The storyteller (or speaker) is well-known for his/her wisdom: he/she has seen many things, and has given counsel to many people, and has spoken words that are fitting.
The people of Bakanmiseni are very hardworking. They are farmers, herders, artisans, and hunters. The people of Bakanmiseni prepare traditional dances and perform them during important ceremonies.
The man was looking for a place to sit and rest, and he was looking for a good place to sleep, or a comfortable place to sleep.
You are really wise, and your words are like honey, truly. The world has become a place where people boast and show off their wealth.
He/She is worried (about) the conflict, and it is becoming serious, because it has already caused much suffering and has destroyed many families (and has taken away people's livelihoods and their dignity, and has disrupted their social structures and their connection to the divine), and he/she is searching for a solution that can bring peace.
The person who is looking for a wife is looking for a good woman, and he says that the young men are very worried about not being able to marry a woman of good character to build a family.
The people of Mali are in trouble, and they are not looking for help.
They say that the people of the town are worried about the destruction of their land and the disappearance of their cattle.
They are very hungry, they want a lot of coffee, the people of the village are looking for someone to teach them to read and write.
The people of the village do not like to be called by their names, but they like to be called by their titles. The titles are those that I said are for the development and benefit of the people of this nation.
The breath of humans needs oxygen, and they exhale carbon dioxide, which is what humans breathe out (we breathe out a lot).
The sun shines, and the plants do photosynthesis. They are thriving.
We are gathered here because we have come to discuss the problem of the land. We have decided to discuss the land with the elders. The elders are wise, and they are respected by everyone.
That's the reason we had Mosasaurs, and that's why they were big here, and that's why the creatures we used to hunt disappeared.
He was born with a strong desire and a spirit of a brave person with the qualities of a seasoned warrior, and many of the people of his clan admired him, so he was not easily swayed or deceived by anything in the world.
He went with his wife, and she had a feeling that something bad would happen. She was looking at the cattle in the pasture as if they were going to be slaughtered, and she was saying that they were going to be eaten.
I have been slaughtering cattle that used to enter my pen, and I am preparing the meat to give it to the behemoth that fights with me.
The story of the son of the blind man is told: he went to Rome, and the Romans gave him hearing; and he began to speak, and to read, and to understand all the writings of the people of the nations.
The young people are gathering and they are looking for someone to explain the history of their ancestors, and the elders are gathering to discuss the problems of the time and to seek a solution.
The story of the Romans is that they traveled from their homeland to Europe and then to America or Arabia, where they started growing coffee.
Consider the example, the time is near, and it is soon, and coffee is good, and the Roman people are being raised up.
Babylonekaw has been suffering greatly, and it seems that the people are struggling to find a way to help her.
The man who was a chief, he was strong and he had a good reputation among the chiefs and his people.
The man went to the market to buy food for his family.
The people of the north were soldiers who built pyramids, or they built Ziggurats, and all of this was to honor their ancestors.
The water in the river is very clean and the fish in it are very fat.
If you are afraid of the people who are looking for you, then we can still be good.
The Israeli people have come to take their land back.
The Masina people are ready to work and they are searching for people to pay for their work, because they need money. The leaders are calm and thinking about the future.
If you are a king, you should go to Canaan and be respected.
Greenland is a land of the ancestors. The Norse people, led by Erik the Red, came to Iceland and established settlements, and they brought many people who were fleeing from war, and they say Greenland is a fragment of the land of Greenland.
When a person goes to the North, Eskimos often say that the sun is shining and the cold is unbearable.
They are constantly talking about "Scandinavian countries," specifically Denmark, Sweden, Norway, and Iceland, their culture, their beauty, and their history.
The National Treasure movie was very good, and it is said that the history of the people of the Yellow Kingdom of Niefoli is fully contained within it.
It is not good that a person who is looking for wealth only thinks about personal gain, they will be left alone.
The historical events of Gafe are described as "The historical events of Gafe, the historical events of the people of Gafe, from the beginning until 1776." The problem is that the Gafe have lost their history, and it is regrettable.
The situation is serious because the rain has been falling for seven days, and the water has overflowed and flooded, so the people of Gafe are suffering (with a height of 29¾ inches and a width of 24½ inches).
Oh, the cloth she made is beautiful, and the dye she used is very bright.
The people of the Don-Yɛrɛ region and the people of France have established a friendship, so their friendship is flourishing.
We are talking about the French brand "Vichy." We were with the French in Morocco and we were with the Germans in the last years of 1940 and we saw the brutality of the Germans firsthand.
It was in 1940 that the French colonial authorities, in their struggle, finally understood that "The Dragon Has Woken."
The Dogon people from America and France have a strong connection to France and also to the Alima nation.
The people of Hadamadenyataabolo, who are related to the Kulu people, have been suffering from a severe drought for a long time, and the rain has not come, so we are begging you.
Civilization is from Latin "civilis," my people are many, I follow the Latin "civilis," my people are citizens, and city, my people are the great and numerous people who are eager to follow the good path of the state.
The time of our ancestors is the time of the present. The way of the elders and the way of the young are both respected and honored by the community.
The elder has been telling stories that make people think about the past and the things that happened, and he is showing them the details of the history of the people.
When the time of the great harvest comes, the people of the village gather to celebrate with great joy—the chiefs of Sariyasen are honored—and the people of Sariyasen are rejoicing.
The chief's people have been going to Wasabulon to seek advice and guidance, and they have been receiving help from the people of Kiiri. They are also gathering their strength and supporting the people of the region, and they are going to find a solution to the problems caused by the rains.
The elder and the young people are celebrating the coming of the new year with joy.
He said that the people of the town were worried and afraid because of the suffering of the people of the town, and they were also afraid that the people of the town would cause more trouble and that their problems would worsen.
Itali was the host of the 2006 FIFA World Cup, and Alimaɲi was the first country to win the tournament.
Farikoloɲɛnajɛ is a respected leader, a good person, a wise person, a kind person, a hard worker, a good provider, a skilled craftsman, a craftsman, and the owner of F1 Mobile.
The story of the people of Jikuru and Farikoloɲɛnajɛw is told in a way that makes one wonder, Worodugu is very far, but Italy and the Olympics are their relatives.
Gunw 7,000 of them (from Honshu and Shikoku) went to Japan and, my people, those who went to Japan brought back a lot of beautiful things!
They are not good reasons for the people of Ghana to bring things to Ghana, because it is a shame and disgrace, and it is called "great foolishness."
The people of Taiwan are very happy that the Farajkurunbolilaw have come to visit and have seen the great beauty of Taiwan, and they are very pleased.
In 1624, the East India Company began to trade with Taiwan, and the Portuguese in Malacca and the Dutch in Java traded spices and sugar.
1683 San, Qing (1644-1912) and Taiwanese indigenous people suffered greatly from the policies of the Qing government until 1885.
In 1895, a decade before the Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), Qing dynasty vessels were anchored at Shimonoseki, and I went to Taiwan to seek help from Japan, and we fought many battles until 1945.
Machu Picchu is a sacred place, which includes Intihuatana, Tile Batoso, and Fénétréw Saba Sokɔnɔna.
Sow till the land is cultivated, and the tourist will come to see the plentiful harvest that we have sown.
In 1976, the world discovered Machu Picchu and its intricate stonework, and it brought about a new understanding.
He is willing to talk, to listen, and to promote the development of the Fulani language and to participate in the establishment of a national council.
He is very sick, and he is suffering. He has been enduring hardships and difficulties, and he is enduring the pain of the present situation.
The 35mm and 36mm lenses are better than the 24mm lens, but they don't capture the same quality as a full-frame.
And the servant said to his master, "What shall I do with your property? For my master has told me, 'Do nothing.'" (Based on Luke 3:2)
The image is not available so I am unable to translate the Bambara sentence to English. Please provide the image containing the Bambara text.
The beauty of the savanna is that it is a place where people gather and build homes, and the beauty is that we can find food and water there.
He/She has already gone to the market, bringing goods and money to buy food and other things for his/her family (for example).
The Catholic church in this area has been teaching and preaching to people, and they are bringing people to Christ.
The traditional beliefs of the past were challenged by Christianity, which introduced fabrics from Europe and clothing styles that were similar to the local ones.
The people of Hinya, with their wisdom, helped others to come from another village and receive education.
One of the most significant teachings of Christianity is that the kingdom was established through suffering and that the hardships of this life are because of this world.
They say that if a person is deeply troubled, they go to Rome for many years, seeking solace in churches and temples, or they abandon their families.
The chief’s people have gone far, and the people of Bereta and Alimania are in agreement.
The rain has stopped, and the young people are gathering at the crossroads and discussing the problems of the country, and they are looking for solutions to the complex issues that have caused great suffering.
When the rain falls heavily and the sun doesn't shine, the young people go to the market to buy food and drink, and the children play happily.
Since the elders have spoken, we have come to seek guidance and advice from you, Alimañi.
In 1920, the people of the Kora region were under the rule of the Ashanti kingdom and were subjected to heavy taxes and forced labor.
They were looking for a suitable place where people could gather, and the leader said that the children were very eager to go to the market.
In 1884, Tesla came to the United States and started working with Edison in New York.
A certain U.S. citizen, who traveled to the area and was a skilled inventor (who went around collecting inventions), was named Thomas Edison.
They were angry because the elephant destroyed our home; the elephant destroyed our home completely and also destroyed everything we had.
The people of Kelen o Kelen are struggling with hunger, and the drought has persisted for several years, causing crop failure. The drought has affected MasamaraSaba, whose water sources have dried up, and it has been 60 days since Han and Jin Fangabolo arrived.
The water is very scarce, and the drought has caused the water to be very little, so people are fighting over the little water they have.
The story of MasamaraSabaw is a beautiful tale of Sini Lawalema, the history of the ancestors, a time when people used medicinal plants to heal, in Xi'an.
Politics are constantly being used to create division, causing conflict and hindering unity, and this often leads to tensions between people and communities.
The elder's words, which were said to me, are that the problem is due to the actions of those who are causing unrest and are being supported by those who are leading the way.
The spirit of our ancestors is strong; they are always with us, and their wisdom guides us in the daily struggles of life.
French people are very good at making a fuss, and they always want to be the most important people in the situation.
Muhammad used to say that his people were seeking good things in the world. He used to speak of the great names, "Hira" and "Noor" (yellow). The great one was a traveler.
The story is true, I am a small scholar, and my teacher, Muhammad, sent me.
They are going to the market, and they will buy fabrics to make beautiful clothes.
Listen, a man who is strong and has a good reputation, and who has done good deeds, is not one who will be forgotten. For he has a good memory and remembers his deeds.
The weaver says that the cloth is being woven with the threads of the forest, and it will be used to clothe the king. The fabric is very beautiful and will be taken to the market.
The elder men of Kabakoyɔrɔ are gathered, and the Gise Pyramids are very impressive.
A long time ago, the people of Egypt were suffering greatly, and they cried out to Jesus, who was the King. The pyramids and pyramid-like structures that we see today were built during that time to honor Pharaoh.
Giza Kulu, they said "Giza Kaburukulu," the pyramids of Egypt are considered (as if they were built by gigantic beings), tombs are considered, the sacred trees are considered, and that is the story of Dasiriba.
The pyramid of Khufu is a wonder, and the pyramid itself, the tomb, and the temples around it are all wonders of Khufu's greatness and majesty.
The elder says, "The world is not a place of comfort, but a place where one must endure hardships and strive for self-reliance."
The weather is very hot and dry, and the grass is withered, and the grass is dry (it is the kind of grass that the cattle don't eat). And the grass is dry.
My children, the world is a place of great suffering, and the world of the elders is filled with the wisdom of those who have lived long.
If I have something to eat and it is not a strong, fermented drink, then I will eat it and drink water to quench my thirst, and then I will go to sleep.
The reign of Louis XVI began in 1789. Marie Antoinette, and her children (Marie Therese at 11 years old and Louis Charles at 6) were confined in the Tuileries Palace, under the care of Madam Elizabeth, and the royal family was eventually taken to Paris and then to Versailles.
The old woman said, "Since you are going to Paris, you will see the great palace of the leaders of the Masaké and Masamuso people."
It is time for the people of Masakɛ and Masamuso to gather and celebrate the day.
The people are saying that the leaders of the world are like the kings of old, who were brought to Versailles to be displayed as a spectacle.
Americans are known for their love of Filipino food, especially adobo.
The story of the Wassu people from America is that they were once powerful and prosperous, but their wealth dwindled and they became impoverished, like the people of the Philippines who were once successful traders on Wall Street.
My family and I, the people of the village, have been waiting for the missionaries to come and spread the gospel of Jesus Christ to the people of the Philippines and America.
He said that the problem of food is causing a lot of hardship and suffering for the people of the world.
The following week, the Church of Sanfɛ Cɛmancɛ Waati held its 11th, 12th, and 13th (1000-1300 AD) anniversary celebration.
The people of Kourou (Sanfɛ Cɛmancɛ Waati) traveled and were gathered in Daminé, and the people of Kourou also traveled and returned, and they brought 1500 cows.
The potential of traditional games is often linked to the wisdom of the ancestors, but it is important to note that traditional games are also connected to other and scientific concepts connected to these traditional games.
The tradition of the first games is said to be connected to old people and the elderly, and that the first games are often contested here with people who are eager to compete.
Together, the person who drives the car travels the road.
The very powerful, ancient spirit could create many small things, and so it created various instruments for its endeavors, which were for its own advancement.
And people are burning down trees, and the games of the new generation are not used to searching for many treasures hidden in the places that are being destroyed.
The concept of beauty does not belong to Romanticism, but rather to the works of Goethe, Fichte, and Schelegel.
Romanticism is a way of looking at things, where people focus on emotions and beauty, and they often see the world through rose-colored glasses, and they tend to imagine things as if they were better than they actually are, and they often romanticize the lives of people and events that are difficult and painful.
Paris is known as the fashion capital of the world, and Constantinople was known as the fashion capital of Europe.
It is said that the Iron Age began around 400 A.D. and ended around 1100 A.D.
The history of the city dates back to the 10th century due to the Crusaders who established forts and churches that defended the city against attacks from the Byzantine Empire.
I have been following Fashion Capital from Constantinople to Paris.
Gotik is the most beautiful, Sanba is a good person, the stories are about the 10th, 11th, and 14th days.
Daminɛ na Donfini was a prominent and influential figure during the Byzantine era.
When the rain falls on the cotton fields, the European school is closed for 25 to 30 days.
He was telling stories to the children, and the European had brought many things to the table. He was also eating well, enjoying himself, and being a good listener to the elders.
The problem is not big, it is a great challenge for me.
The story of Baloɲini is a story of great courage, filled with fierce battles. He was a great warrior who fought bravely and bravely defended his people against their enemies, always seeking victory and glory.
You should return it to the seller, because it is a very important thing that has been given to you, and you should not forget it for a long time.
The people of Duguma were very angry because they felt their rights were violated and they had never seen such a thing before, so they decided to demand the return of their ancestral lands.
When a woman is in labor and the baby's head is visible, the midwife/birth attendant and relatives/close friends assist her.
"The people of my area have brought a lot of problems, including land disputes, theft, illness, politics, and social issues, which are causing distress and conflict."
He was looking for a place to sleep, but he didn't find one, and he was tired. He was looking for a place to rest, and he was tired and looking for a place to rest.
The people of the forest, who are strong and live in harmony with nature, and who are skilled in crafts and agriculture, are now suffering from a severe drought, and their crops are failing.
He told me that the person who spoke "bagan" was a powerful wizard. He said the bagan came from the forest and could make a woman a man (or transform a man into a woman); he said the bagan had a reason for being among those who were not of his kind, and he was looking for a strong warrior.
The elders of our family have gathered to discuss the matter of the deceased and to give guidance to those who are left behind, so that they may continue to live well.
The rain has stopped completely, and the sun is shining brightly.
You are a leader of the people, a respected elder, and you have gathered the people to discuss the problems of the community, which are causing hardship and division among the people, and you are among those who seek to unite the people, the wise and the foolish.
He found that the people of Sinsilen, who had been suffering from severe hunger and were constantly struggling, were now enjoying peace and prosperity.
The people of Kalan have a tradition that says that when a person is chosen to be a chief and is given a special traditional program, it is a great honor for the people of Damini.
The computer I have is connected to the internet and can, although it is old, run Microsoft Office and other programs.
The world has become interconnected through the internet, and information is now readily available, allowing people to easily share knowledge, communicate, and learn from one another.
He/She/It is going to tell the Denmiseni Marayɔrɔ about the problems that have been bothering me, and the elders have said that they are all in agreement.
The messenger came from the chief, bringing news of sorrow, illness, and death, and he was very sad.
He/She/It is going to ask for the name of the person who is looking for the person who is going to be king.
The person who was looking for a good place, was tired, and couldn't find a suitable one.
He is the one who speaks and understands the language of the ancestors, and he is wise and understands the ways of the people. He is a respected elder.
I have exchanged information with others and with people of different backgrounds.
The internet has enabled communication between people and access to quality information.
According to Muhiano, "gũthoma" and "kũiguana" are some of the concepts that have been introduced through the internet (James et al., 1995).
"The overwhelming interest and the crafts of love" is what motivated Eighmey and McCord (1998) to study the perspectives of atomists and to create a website.
The sun rose, and the people of the village went to the market to buy food, and the sound of the machine echoed for milliseconds in the distance.
It is a difficult thing, for a person who is weak and a man who has been cursed and whose spirit is severely afflicted, to find a good and strong companion to live with.
Oliver Sacks, a speech at The President's Speech, gave a moving and passionate speech that was widely understood as a reason for the country's problems.
It is true that I have been suffering greatly, and I have been longing for a good person to come and help me with my problems.
He/She/It was very angry and quickly began to run away, and was taken to a place of safety.
The elder is a leader among people, and the elder is a guide in great matters; he is a fragrant tree that produces great shade.
The giraffe and the elephants, who were tall and strong, were very happy to see the water and the trees, and they were together generation after generation.
When the rain falls, the market becomes crowded, and people come from different places to trade, and the traders gather and sell their goods as they wish.
Farakan is finished, now we are going to celebrate with a lot of food: we will eat, drink, and celebrate together.
The young man was told that pure protein is good for the body and helps to build strong bones and muscles.
The cogoya fruit, along with its leaves (and the stem and bark), contains a substance that is said to be able to break down proteins and release the amino acid phenylalanine.
The woman was telling stories, and when she was speaking, she would say "the world is not a flat disc" and she would repeat it many times until the listeners understood.
The study investigates the relationship between social media use and academic performance among university students (grades 10 to 60).
He is the one who always tries to deceive people with beautiful words, but his actions are inconsistent.
He is a very good teacher who helps children to learn and develop, and he continues to give good advice and guidance.
Cogoya's family had to sell their land because they couldn't afford to pay the taxes; they were already struggling, and their crops failed. They went to the chief, asking for help, because they had no one else to turn to.
The young man is looking for someone who can help him with his work, either a skilled worker or a teacher.
He/She/It is the one who diligently searches for the world and the people who are deeply in love with each other. People are looking for diligent and hardworking individuals.
They are looking for the young woman who is walking in the market to sell her goods and buy food for her family.
Tibetan Buddhism, the teachings of the Buddha, and the lineage of Kalachakra are intertwined, and are considered the root of Mahayana and the foundation of India Yoga.
For me, Tibetan Buddhism is a source of strength. And in practicing Kundalini Yoga, the body and mind are able to be calmed.
I am Kundalini Yoga, the awakening (arousing awakening) of the body and the practice of yoga, a spiritual path for the righteous, and the path of the ancestors.
Tibetan is a form of Deity Yoga. If one does not purify himself, his past actions will cause suffering, and his good deeds will be destroyed, and his merit will be lost.
Alimaɲi, along with the jug and the Diɲɛ Kɛlɛba, traveled from the USSR and the USA, carrying a lot of goods. The goods they brought included clothing, shoes, tables, and furniture for people of all kinds.
The woman went to the market to buy fabric, and the people of the Dengerefɛ area are seeking justice from the chief.
It took me 40 days to find a really good place; the good places are very few, from Africa to Asia, Afghanistan, Cuba, and the best places are also very far.
The bombing of Sétanburukalo took place on January 17, 1939, in Poland, and the residents were forcibly expelled and their property confiscated, and the Roma people were driven out of the area.
However, the French and English languages were used in the administration of the territory, and the population was approximately 800,000, comprising the Red Army of the Soviet Union who came to Belarus and Ukraine, and the Polish forces who had fought in the war, as well as the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and other treaties, and the negotiations and the agreements were concluded.
The people of the village have been discussing the problem of the land being taken from them, and they have decided to gather and express their grievances to the chief and the elders so that the issue can be resolved peacefully.
The people gathered and started to talk about the problems that are causing people to be saddened, and they were discussing how to find a solution to the issues of people and the suffering that causes them, and they were asking for the help of the elders and wise people to solve the problems.
My story tells of the journey of the people who went from the North Atlantic, the people of the Black Sea, and the ancestors who were brought to the land. The Americans then, in their desire to make a good impression, mobilized the Atlantic Ocean to sail to Great Britain.
In the articles, it is said that the Germans had many U-boats and were sinking a lot of people.
We are not strangers, Alimaɲi, and we have been to Great Britain and seen the European lands that are sold.
A large number of people from the Zagros region of Iran are coming to the city.
The village chief and the elders have agreed that the problem of children not attending school is serious, and the community, parents, and teachers are working together to find a solution.
Bakurubala, the people of the villages, have been affected by the increasing number of people fleeing to the city, and they are now suffering from a lack of food and water, and their homes are being destroyed by the influx of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the city and the displacement of people from the
The project is helping Angolans to learn English through cycling clubs.
Ali's younger brother is very wise; he is known for his good deeds and his cleverness in solving problems and in understanding the complexities of human behavior, and he is quick-witted.
The path is not easy, and the road is rough. Indeed, we have been through many difficult things that have made us feel a lot of pain and suffering.
He/She/It was carrying water, and then she/he/it fell down and spilled it all.
People are fighting, the people of Mali are fighting and killing each other. Since 1767, the Timbuktu scholars have been suffering.
This is a difficult sentence to translate directly and idiomatically, as it contains historical and potentially debated claims. Here's a translation attempting to capture the meaning: "The Tamali people are the original inhabitants of this land, and the ancestors of the people, the people of Tamali, are said to have possessed a wealth of knowledge, even surpassing the Homo Erectus, (which is the origin of many things)." **Important Considerations:** * **"Tamali"**: This likely refers to a specific ethnic group or people. * **"kodɔnlen kun ye tamali ye"**: This phrase indicates that the Tamali are the original inhabitants. "kodɔnlen" implies origin or beginning. * **"daminɛ ka tilen san miliyɔn fila tɛmɛnikɔ nin Homo Erectus nali"**: This is the most complex part. It suggests that the Tamali ancestors had a significant level of knowledge ("wealth of knowledge") and potentially predated or were equal to Homo Erectus in their intellectual capacity. The "miliyɔn fila" is a very high number, likely used for emphasis or metaphorical expression of knowledge's scale. * **"min kɔrɔ mɔgɔ tilen ni"**: This refers to the origin of many things and perhaps implies a deeper connection to the origins of humanity. This translation attempts to convey the key ideas of origin, ancestral knowledge, and a potentially significant historical claim, while acknowledging the complexity and potential sensitivity of the topic.
My ancestor, Australopithecus, was able to walk upright and use tools.
The Tamali site, where Australopithecus kaburuw lived, dates back 4.2 million to 3.9 million years ago, and is older than the Sahelanthropus tchadensis, which lived around 7 million years ago.
The person is looking for a wife who is beautiful and well-mannered, and the person is looking for a husband who is strong and can provide for the family.
Oh, the children are playing and singing. They are also running around, and they are making a lot of noise as they dance, and they are having fun.
Indeed, the strength of people lies in their knowledge and the tools they use, and the advancement of civilization lies in both the wisdom of ancestors and the efforts of people to build a better world.
The whip was given to the Wasadenbulon people of Zuyekalo village on the 4th day, and the Wasadenbulon people, who were the servants of John Hancock and Secretary Charles Thomson, used it to get money from John Dunlap, the printer.
Since the 150th or 200th year, I have been copying documents and have created "Dunlap broadsides."
The government of Senegal sent John Dixon to Independence Hall to deliver a message to Zuyekalo on the 8th.
George Washington was in Zuyekalo on the 6th, and traveled to New York on the 9th. Seven photocopies were sent to London on the 10th.
Dunlap's broadsides are 25 minutes long, and the photocopies are not all the same. The text is very long, and it's hard to read.
The small dinosaurs were eating the big ones, and they were eating the big ones. They were very strong.
The man is looking for dinosaurs, but he doesn't know where to find them.
When the sun sets, the birds fly to their nests and the little ones sleep.
The sun rose and the people and the chiefs were happy, and they began to, and they went to look for the T-Rex bones.
He said, "Normally, when a person is looking for a bride, they go to the bride's family and ask for a dowry, and they also bring gifts of clothing, food, and other things."
The return is 0, and the computer has been processing the data in batches - small batches, as the original data is quite large.
The people of the village are being deceived by false promises. They are constantly looking for a way to get what they want.
The people of the village of Tamasiyan have been deeply affected by the destruction of their homes and are now struggling to rebuild their lives.
The old woman carries a basket of bananas to the market to sell them for money.
The people are looking for signs or omens in the direction of the river.
This is the way they are looking at the old tree that bears fruits of human and other animals' sorrows.
The ants and the weaver bird were arguing, and the weaver bird was complaining about the food that the ants were taking from their home or the food that they were hoarding in their nests.
The American time, many people of 400,000 (MS) children have been vaccinated, and they are having problems with the new strain and the people who are not vaccinated.
The spirit of ancestors (MS) and their children are very angry because the living have forgotten the traditions and the respect that was due to them, and the ancestors are saddened, full of regret and grief.
The woman is looking for a good place to sit and rest her head.
The group said they were looking for a place to rest, and the soldiers said they were looking for a place to rest, and they went to rest.
I am going to the market to buy food and other things.
He said that the person was looking for someone to help him because he was in a difficult situation.
The people who are looking for the good thing that will bring them prosperity and strength are those who are always seeking wealth and prestige. They are constantly striving for great things.
He is a good person and a kind friend, and a good brother and a good person who will always help me with my problems, and his kindness and his friendship are more valuable than precious jewels.
The Bible is in both the Kimbundu and Latin languages, and it is also in the Kunkó language.
The fruit is good for the body and helps to fight illnesses, it is very effective.
The Greeks have been in the country for a long time, and European powers have been competing for Greek territories and for dominance for a long time.
He said that the white table and the new chairs were brought to the house and the old chairs were taken away.
The people of the village are worried, and I am concerned about the current situation, even though the Fulani herdsmen are grazing, building, burning, and stealing their crops.
The people of the Adamaden region have been suffering from a severe drought, and the crops have failed, leading to a shortage of food and making it difficult to find water.
Hershey and Chase's problem is that they are friends who are always together.
Hershey and Chase, the students, studied hard and their good work brought them respect from the elders.
He is going to the market to buy salt and sugar, and also to buy grains and beans, and also to buy dried fish and meat and also wheat and milk.
He said that the child went to the market and brought back a basket, and he was looking for a nice and strong basket that could carry things, either small or large.
The presence of the male frog is a sign that the female frogs are gathering to lay eggs, and the male frogs are also gathering to eat frogs and get cancer.
The elder of the village said that the people of the town were looking for the elder of the town to give them advice, and they were also searching for the elder's belongings.
The young people of the village are very happy and joyful, they are hardworking, diligent, and they value education and respect elders, and they are always seeking knowledge and learning new things.
The example is a good one, the community is good, the fruit is good, and the young people are the strong ones of Borneo.
The elders are speaking, and the young people are listening attentively because the elders are teaching them ancestral wisdom and the young people are learning it diligently.
I am worried that my work will be dismissed, and I am looking for a way to use my skills to improve the mobile phone.
The old man is sitting here, telling stories of the past when people were multiplying, and a million and a half people were born.
People are beginning to use transportation systems and utilize them. People are already damaging transportation systems carelessly.
The time when I came to this place, I saw a person who was quickly giving advice, and he gave good advice with wisdom and understanding.
Can you translate the message that is being transported, and do you understand it? What is the purpose of the message? Does anyone know what it means?
The woman said that the people of the village were gathering, and they were bringing food and drinks, and she was telling stories to them.
Okay, here's the translation of the Bambara sentence: "Therefore, the situation of the people in the region is very difficult; there are 100 people who are suffering."
Jigisilila, the assembled documents on the table are categorized according to the different areas; the official documents are given to the relevant departments or are kept for future use.
The people of Sirikilasiyon, who live in the village of the four chiefdoms, are concerned about the loss of their land: (1) the land, (2) their pastures, (3) their forests.
The elders say the young people are restless and are causing trouble.
The elderly person is known to follow the path of wisdom, and they say that by following it, one can obtain knowledge and develop good character and achieve success in life.
They don't know how to use a hoe to cultivate land and they are trying to build a house.
He has gone to the big market to buy a new cloth for his wife.
Bibi in na, the feeling of being a woman is a great treasure for women and a source of strength and resilience.
The people of this region, they were saying that Aristarchus had discovered that the Earth is round, like the Earth of Geræfæfæ.
The elder is angry and feels resentful, like an old man who is displeased with his younger brother; and Tile and Géréféfénw are among the Dugukolo people, and Tile is like a child (or a little one).
Do you want to have fun? Let's go to Dugulu and make a lot of noise, shall we?
Amazonian people are known for their skills in crafting beautiful objects and their cleverness. It takes them about 8 minutes to create each piece.
Amazonian people in the forest, their villages are kilometers away from the water source.
The man who was born in the village of Azononi returned 20 years ago.
The Amazon River is 6387 kilometers (3980 miles) long. It flows through the Brazilian state of Amazonas.
Ali and his companions climbed the pyramids in Masafaga, and the Giza pyramids are delicate and old, and their stories are told and their beauty is admired.
They came seeking help from the chief, and the chief said that my father had been a great man, and that I should not be afraid to speak freely.
The Vatican is 800 square kilometers. It is a place where people of different ethnicities and nationalities come together, and it is a place of refuge for those seeking peace.
The Vatican is a large church in Italy and also has its own newspaper.
Italians are a very sophisticated people who use the camera to take pictures of what is happening in the world and use the water to make the colors of the flowers and the Latin alphabet to write the names of the people.
The Vatican is a part of the Catholic Church in Rome.
The man was walking quickly and looking for something, and he was telling stories, he said that the person who is suffering is like a person who is always falling.
Arisitɔti, my dear friend, you have been very patient and have endured many hardships and difficulties, and you are strong. You are skilled in various things, and you are intelligent and resourceful.
It is a sad situation (to tell): people, animals, plants and the water are suffering, and the people who are looking for help are also suffering because the land has become very dry and there is no rain.
The problem is that the provided Bambara sentence is not grammatically correct or complete. It seems like a fragmented sentence with missing words and potentially incorrect word order. However, based on the available words, a possible translation could be: "The elder is speaking, and they are helping to build a school classroom with desks. They are also carrying books to the classroom." **Please note:** This translation is an interpretation of a very incomplete and likely inaccurate Bambara sentence. A more accurate translation would require the full, correct sentence.
The person is looking for a certain type of cloth, and is asking for its price. It is expensive, and it is of good quality.
I am going to the market to buy some food for my family.
The woman's child is very beautiful, and her beauty is particularly evident in the way she walks. The woman is concerned about the child's health.
The problem is that the constant movement of the earth makes it difficult to know the exact location of a person's ancestors.
Oh, the young people are looking for a way to improve their lives.
He/She is telling me that the thing that is being sought is very far away, and it requires a lot of effort to find it.
The person who is the original owner of the land, if they are not yet deceased, will be given a large amount of money.
The elder's words are like a precious treasure that has been carefully preserved.
The war has brought great suffering, and it has caused destruction of homes and displacement of people, leading to a decline in the well-being of the community.
He was looking for a lot of money because he was very hungry. He was worried that he wouldn't be able to get two pairs of sandals.
The reason I am tired is because I have been working hard to make my family survive, and I have been facing many difficulties and challenges.
The child's hair is long and black, and it shines beautifully. The child is not afraid of anyone.
The road from Kɔfara to Jalen is 70 kilometers and from Jalen to the village is 100 kilometers.
He is a good person and he is always helping others.
He is saying that the issue is being discussed and many people are complaining about it, and that it is a matter of great concern for everyone.
I am explaining that I have a problem, my heart is very heavy and I am suffering a lot and I am tired.
I am explaining that I will return to my village and that my people are waiting for me, and I will be happy to see them.
I am explaining that from the things that are being done, the man is being told that he is doing something that is not good, and that he will eventually face punishment.
Farifoni does not recognize or acknowledge Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory or Herzberg's Two-Factor Theory.
They were calling, the people of Kogo were saying that their eyes were tired and their skin was becoming burnt by the sun because of the long days of harvesting. The people of Kogo often say "We are tired." (Muslims).
I am very happy that the rain has stopped and the sun has come out, the plants are growing, the people are happy, the animals are peaceful, and the young ones are playing and running around.
Cogoya is present, but the fear that the father has instilled in us, which is a great fear, has made us fearful and wary, and we do not know what to do.
The person is looking for a place to rest, but the path is long and the work is difficult.
I am going to the market to buy food and other things to eat.
The internet has become a tool for people to spread lies and create problems, and therefore it has brought about much trouble.
The internet has brought a lot of changes, and it has become a tool that people use to communicate and learn.
The rain has stopped, the sun has come out, the birds are singing, and the fish are jumping in the water, and the people are happy because they have plenty of food.
The great strength is that the great power is still not fully understood.
The elder women gathered and discussed things with me. The elder women also brought a table.
What is the level of organization in the organization and how does it relate to the organizational concept of hierarchy?
I have returned from the village, I have seen the people of the Baarakeyorɔ who have gone to the market, and I am not yet tired.
Oh, may blessings be upon you, people who are blessed with the knowledge of the spirits, who are constantly striving for good deeds and seeking to follow the path of righteousness and the teachings of the ancestors, and who are always seeking to understand and learn.
The people of the village have been displaced and are living in makeshift shelters, and their livelihoods have been destroyed, and organizations are providing aid.
Angel9 (2006) showed that the Continuum approach can help to explain the relationship between the pre-birth soul and the physical body in spiritual healing.
They have been told that the person who stole the belongings of the poor is a strategist who is involved in a large deception. Oh, he is a liar who is always trying to deceive people.
The chief and his people have built a beautiful and strong palace.
When a person has a wound in their body, or a disease that makes them weak, or a pain in their stomach and a pain in their head, they go to the healer and to the diviner for the ritual of the ancestors.
Technology has made it possible for people to communicate easily and quickly, and to share information and ideas.
He is a good person, and he is respected by his people because he always fulfills his promises and takes care of his family.
Ali and his siblings came to Al's house and asked for a film. Ali is originally a carpenter and he used his tools to build a table, and he is known for his skillful craftsmanship.
The rain has stopped and the sun is shining, and the machine is working to collect the spilled grains.
The example shows that the village is not organized with plans, so people do not collect and sell their products properly, and they suffer.
He was very angry and the problem was causing a lot of worry and fear.
At the system's core, water-based technologies are used in medicine, engineering, and data science to create ordered and easily understandable data that helps people.
The teacher is teaching the students in the classroom. The community uses the power of communication to help and support the youth in many ways.
Technology provides internet solutions that are accessible to everyone. Schools are equipped with modern equipment, teachers are well-trained, and desks and chairs are provided for students in the classroom.
I am going to the city of the internet to meet with my friends and to see the new things that have been created in the world.
Listen, the Saint Bennet school in Caroline du Sud has a strong presence in the internet, and its students often go to the State Capital. The school has a lot of resources for internet use, which allows them to access books.
The elders say that the world is a place of great hardship and suffering. The people of the world are always in search of means to overcome difficulties and to live in peace and harmony, hoping for a better future.
The Bari people have been living in fear and trembling, because the world has become a place of evil and injustice, and they are suffering greatly.
Bulù said that the language is "the meeting of words is like a beautiful flower that you smell". It is also a satisfying way to express thoughts and feelings, and to appreciate the beauty of words (Toto, 2004).
The elder said that his son is a good man and his grandchildren are very good, and that the people of the village are always looking for ways to connect and build relationships.
Bulogu utilizes the concept of "calendar" to organize events and schedules in milliseconds and seconds; the internet has enabled the calendar to be used for tracking and managing daily activities, and for long-term planning (Ovarec, 2002).
Ottawa is a city in Canada, and many people come to visit the sights and to live and work in Canada, and some are still there.
The water in the Niagara Falls and the Musoka falls is very powerful and it is beautiful.
They are all going to Ontario to find work and live, hoping to find a good life in Canada.
The village elder said that the people of the village were not happy and they were discussing how to get the leaders of the village to listen to them.
My father always told stories of the white people who came to America and then went to Canada.
The Farafina River flows into the Indian Ocean.
The Malagasy people are strong, and their generosity is like a vast ocean, offering help and support to those in need.
The gun is a symbol of power and respect among the people, and when they went to France, they brought back new ideas for improving agriculture.
The Arab and Muslim people were already in the Comoros and had established themselves there.
"It is said that around 15 years ago, the Portuguese navigator Vasco da Gama opened a sea route from Europe to India via the Cape."
The bird is small, and the chief of Mali is in the Sahel, and the large bird and the small bird are in the Atlantic Ocean.
The people of Muso are very happy because they have received a large amount of food, and they are celebrating with great joy.
He/She is good at finding solutions to problems (and often gets things done quickly).
The people of the Musow community have completed the table with the words of forgiveness and understanding, and they have overcome intimidation and the fact that he was nominated, and they are now working together, and they are very happy.
I am a student of the French language, and I am learning to speak the language of the people of Mali (the Bambara language). (I am struggling with the grammar.)
Casablanca was a place where Berbers were forced to work for 10 years for Jesus, and they went to Phoenicia and Rome, and the Merenids established a fortress in Anfa.
Portugal experienced a major earthquake that destroyed many buildings, including the White House, and it happened on November 17, 1755.
Morocco is known for its beautiful gardens in Dar Ibadya and Casablanca, which are influenced by Spanish architecture and are popular tourist destinations.
Casablanca is a city that many tourists visit, and it is a beautiful city in Morocco.
The Medina is a gathering place, and it has a significant number of Moroccans who come for shopping, traditional crafts, souvenirs, handicrafts, and leather goods, which are sold to tourists.
The border between the Kasai region of the Democratic Republic of Congo is disputed by Rwanda due to a history of conflict.
The 2002 Goma eruption was caused by lava from the Nyiragongo volcano that destroyed many buildings in the town, specifically the Town Centre.
The people of Goma are tired, and all the surroundings of Goma have been filled with the desire to understand what happened at the place where the radio used to broadcast, as it was in North Kivu.
The recent eruption of Nyiragongo volcano, along with several other locations, offers a glimpse into the precious mountain gorillas of central Africa, which are our shared heritage.
They use motorcycle taxis (often) to go to Goma. The regular fare is 500 Congolese Francs per person.
Farani said, "Timbuktu is a city that has always been a center of learning and a place of great importance."
Bibi is coming, Tombouctou is beautiful, and they are attracting many tourists, and the airport is busy.
In 1990, when the Diɲɛ Cɛnw Mayor was in power, it was because the people were very angry.
I watched the PBS special Wonders of the African World by Henry Louis Gates on the radio.
The people of Dugu, who are in the area of the government, have a lot of problems and are looking for a solution.
Kruger National Park (KNP) is in South Africa and is bordered by Mozambique on the east, Zimbabwe on the north, and is bordered by the Crocodile River.
The area is 19,500 square kilometers and has 14 villages, which are scattered throughout the region.
Oh, South Africa, may your beauty always be admired and protected by the South African National Parks (SANParks).
It is important that South Africa, the Dugu Park, and the community are all in harmony and work together.
He and his friends, who are students at Kunko Kariti, are going to South Africa for a conference to learn about South Africa's beautiful scenery.
Hong Kong guns are the reason why there is conflict and bloodshed between the people and the government, and it is a source of constant worry.
My family and I went to Hong Kong and saw the beautiful Victoria Harbour.
I have been to Hong Kong, I saw many people, the scenery of Kowloon is very beautiful.
Hong Kong's prosperity is not based on the wealth of a few, but on the hard work of many.
Oh, you people, the colonizing British came and took away our land and they established a government, and they enslaved our people.
Sunbarban is a place where the water is very salty, and it is 80 kilometers (50 miles) from Bangladesh and India.
The Sundarbans is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is a place where I have seen the Sundarbans National Park.
The child was playing with her friends and they were all running and laughing - she had been in the Ganges River, and her body had become cold.
The Sundarbans are 3850 kilometers long, and the mangrove forests there are a valuable source of livelihoods and support the local population.
In 1966, the Sundarbans were so dry that the population of Bengal tigers decreased from 400 to about 30,000.
The meeting will be held in the community center (if it is favorable), and you are all invited. The meeting will take place on Saturday at 6:30 and 7:30 PM.
Komi, despite the troubles and difficulties you face, your efforts will eventually bring you success and honor.
Karitiye, I took the Japanese Coaster Buses and I am doing well and happy.
It is important for me to return only the translated sentence, as requested. Here's the translation: "We will go from here to the fifth village, and then to Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200)."
The Oyapock River bridge is very important because it connects the Oyapock River to the Mioapoque region in Brazil and Saint George, and also to Oyapock, French Guiana.
The cost of the tour is 83, and the person who paid is 378, and the tour includes 3.50.
The project on agricultural development reached 15 villages. The first phase was in Utikalo in 2011, and the second phase was in Marisikalo in 2017.
The floods in Mali were very severe in September 2017, and the Brazilian community suffered greatly.
They say that the Guarani people are now living in the Republic of Paraguay, and their language is similar to the language of the people who live in the region, and they are trying to learn it.
The Chaco region is very large and has been inhabited by the Guaycuru and Payagua peoples for a long time, and they are known for their hunting and gathering skills.
Paraguay has 16 cities, where people often say "Giant marayorow Antilles," because it is the reason that Spain and the indigenous people are very connected.
The influence of colonization greatly changed the way people lived.
Kabini Asunción was founded in 1537, and Paraguay's government was established and its territory was explored.
Argentine (or South American) men wear big-sleeved shirts and they are very proud of their hair.
They were busy traveling from December to January in Las Canitas.
The hunter and his children went to the forest to look for food.
I am calling to inform you that the Argentine Polo Association has sent a letter.
In the Falkland Islands, the currency is the Falkland pound (FKP), but the British pound (GBP) is also widely accepted.
They went to the market to buy a new car, and Stanley, who had a FIC West store, was there.
British pounds are more valuable than the West African CFA franc, and the American dollar is more valuable than the West African CFA franc.
The giraffe said that the water we drink is the same water that the Great Britain and America people drink; it is clear that they are striving to get the rights to the cocoa in their country.
The woman is going to the Falklands to look for a job, but she is also going to look for a place to live.
Komi Montevideo in Ecuador is a place where people gather frequently to discuss and promote the Missionaries, and they often seek guidance and support from them.
Montenegro is a difficult place; the land is dry, and the population is around 30 people.
People are saying that the problems of the day are very serious: the difficulties of life are increasing, and people are losing hope and trust in the community because they are constantly being exploited and taken advantage of by those in power.
Samiya told them that the iron tools they were making were very beautiful, and that they were all eager to see them.
Ali's mother was very worried about her son, and she was constantly calling him to come home so that they could eat together.
The woman brought 100 kilograms of rice and 25 kilograms of millet to the market.
You are a respected person; you are full of wisdom, understanding, compassion, kindness, and generosity, and you are always willing to help those in need.
They are always like that, they work hard but don't get much. When things are good, they are afraid and avoid getting involved, and they just wait for things to happen to them.
Farankalila, the people of the country are in need of support, and it is important that the leaders and elders be united in their efforts to alleviate the suffering of the people and to promote peace and development.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. The population of Upolu is approximately 40,000 people.
The treaty between the Kingdom of Tahiti and Samoa was signed in 1850 and the protectorate of Samoa in 1959.
In 1889, the people of the Bafulbe kingdom, who were in contact with Alimañi (America) and Great Britain, sent a delegation to Paris.
They were gathering crops, and the people of Great Britain were also gathering crops. However, Americans and Germans collected 200 [something - the word is missing] too.
The spiritual authority of the people, from the time of Mau wilikajɔ kulu ma, has been established by the white Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III.
I have many things to buy, because Auckland is opening its harbor near the mountain. This one is being done here in three stages.
The communities of North Shore (within the North Harbour district) of the Pacific region are affected by the noise from Long Bay, past Devonport, due to the wind.
The people of Ciothe were dying from famine and disease, and many were left with only three trees of withered crops.
The Tamaki Drive area is within Waitemata Harbour, extending within the areas of Mission Bay and St Heliers within Central Auckland.
These things are made by other people in the house who have strange beliefs that affected the objects. Do not be afraid.
The number one is good, it takes the good ones and then it keeps those that are worth it. The number one is very important.
The French people's arrival in the country was a turning point, and New Zealand and Australia then sought to establish friendly relations.
The child has already eaten the food, so the cloth is being washed.
The people like "golden beans" and it's their favorite coffee. The drink they call "espresso" and cappuccino with steamed milk is very strong (bitter), and it's very good.
He is working in Belgium and is doing well. He is studying hard and he is succeeding.
They are asking you to consider the reasons why the people of Jisanfɛkulunin are like that, and that these reasons are not always clear.
Oh, listen carefully, the problem of the people is great, and the leaders are always talking about the leaders.
The story of the people of the village of Utikalo, who were children of the Kokolofaraw, began in 1770. They were descendants of the people of the forest and the people of the waters.
When it is night, the animals go to the chiefs' enclosure to sleep. The camaw (hunter) goes to the chiefs' enclosure to take food and drink.
The birds are flying from the forest to the mountains, and they are looking for food and water to take to Rockhampton.
The community has been diligently working to find a way to reconcile and build a relationship with the leaders of the opposing group.
They have been talking about the people who went to the market and they said that the chief and the elders have given a warning to the people to be careful, and they are asking the people who went to the market to return soon.
They traveled from their village to the market by road, by transport, and arrived at the airport where they took a taxi to the hotel and stayed in a luxurious hotel.
You should not be afraid of the darkness, for even in the darkest night, the stars shine brightly (example: a star).
Faraliw, we didn't understand your words, but we are happy to help you find a hotel and book a room.
The woman said to her children, while looking at them, that she was tired of the hardships and that she wanted to be a leader and have power, and that she was worried about the future of her children.
He/She is afraid that the tall baobab tree will fall and the strong wind will blow it down.
The young man is going to get married to a beautiful woman, and her father is happy about it.
The woman is preparing a beautiful dress for the wedding.
I am from Northern Baltic, and I have a lot of glass that I want to sell because I need money to pay for my mother's illness.
Saint Petersburg is a big city and it is very beautiful. The people of Saint Petersburg are very skilled and they make very beautiful things (This is a Benkanw saying).
The people of the village have gathered, seeking advice about the world and the ways of life. The leaders and elders of the town have agreed to allocate land for building a school.
Greetings, my people, the elders and the youth of the village are gathered here to discuss the problems of the land and to seek solutions for the future.
The elder spoke to me about the wisdom of the ancestors. Therefore, the young people are increasingly being scattered far and wide, and are forgetting the ways of their forebears.
The man, the man, he was looking for a big, beautiful, and strong wife, he was searching everywhere, and he found her.
The situation is very serious and the people are suffering, because the rains have stopped and the land is dry, so we are having difficulties producing enough food.
The rain has stopped, and the darkness that was covering the earth has lifted, and the sun has risen.
He is the one who has children, and he is the one who has strong teeth, and he is the one who is a good cook and who is a skilled weaver of colorful cloth.
The situation is serious, the glass is broken and the normal people and the youth are struggling, and the police are searching for the culprit.
The story of Kunko and Farafina was told to the tourists, and they were very happy.
The search party, which had been looking for the missing people in Farafina for a long time, was given a vehicle.
The leader said, in searching for a solution and considering the regular way of doing things, that the mobile phones and equipment of the people were destroyed.
Waraw, the people of the village have been looking for a good person who can help with the harvest.
The people of Sena, who speak the languages "kunkokɔnɔna tama", "kuluyɛlɛ tama", and the language "tama tama na", are the people of Kuluyɛlɛ, and they have a traditional way of burying their dead.
The Paralympic Games were held in Tokyo, Japan from September 24 to September 5, 2021. The host country was Japan.
Tokyo became a major city in Asia and hosted the Olympic Games, which were a great success, and were held in 1964.
I went to the market to buy food for my family and relatives in 2020, and it was very expensive.
They gave a chance to Sariyaw because he had not played for Mariste for a long time, so they gave a chance to Sariyaw because of the coronavirus which had prevented him from being at Zuwekalo in 2020, and Olympique's squad was depleted.
The total population of the area is 2,500 people and 130,000 livestock, and the average number of people per household is 7,000.
He finished talking, and the situation became tense because of the argument, and the person who was speaking, the person who was arguing, was angry and wanted to take revenge, so he was looking for a weapon.
I don't like ferry or buses; I prefer to walk to the market, and I use my own two feet, and I walk.
I am going to the market to buy food.
He quickly finished his work, and now he is going to the market to sell his goods.
They have been looking for something for many minutes but have not found it yet.
The situation is difficult for people, and they are constantly trying to find a way to improve their lives, but they are often hindered by poverty and lack of opportunity.
They were walking to the market to buy fabric for the chief.
The people of the forest are collecting firewood from the forest and the savanna, carrying it to their homes, and the women are fetching water.
The people are suffering, and the leaders are in conflict over the matter, which is causing a lot of hardship for the people, and the chiefs are trying to find a solution to the problems of the people.
He/She/It gave a lot of money to me and my family, and we spent it on things that were needed.
He is the one who often brings news that makes us rejoice, and he gathers the people to perform ceremonies and celebrations.
Sirafurancɛ Point Marion and Fairmont are located at the intersection of the Buffalo-Pittsburgh railway and the Trans-Canada Highway.
He is my brother, he is a teacher: He comes to teach the young ones, to warn them, and to show them the way.
The area between the villages of Witesi and Tamasiyɛn is approximately 35-40 kilometers (56-64 kilometers) in length, and the path to the chief's house is a well-worn trail.
The village is remote, and the dense forest is so beautiful that the people there call it "the Pennsylvania Wilds."
Alinaɲi is a baker from Bavaria, and vitamins and healthy food are good for the body, which makes the person strong and healthy. Austria.
The man and his wife were arguing, and the man was yelling at his wife and threatening her with a knife and a piece of wood.
The chief's people are gathering in the market, women, children, and young men are carrying firewood to the village. The cat, which was very cunning, was watching the woman as she was collecting beans.
I have a small garden where I grow vitamins, and I like to go to the market, and I have a Berliner, a pancake, and Krapfen.
He is angry and upset with me, and he is also angry with his father and his mother.
Curry is a good storyteller; his words are like a comforting balm to the soul.
Indeed, the Pakistan region has a variety of food, including rice and curry; and the indigenous people of Africa and the continents utilize it for various purposes.
Nin gun 17,000 people suffered from the fragrant disease, which is a disease of Indonesia, but the doctors of our time have not yet found a cure.
Now, I utilize the power of computers, because it is very difficult for Java to calculate and process the whole data.
The children are looking for a large snake, because the small snake is very scared and it is hiding in the grass, looking for a place to eat. The ants, (ants and sugar), and the spiders are very angry and they are fighting.
Shoes for them are broken, so I don't have anything to wear to go to work.
Your responsibility is to be accountable for your actions, even if you don't like the consequences, because your actions ultimately determine your fate.
I was angry that the elder was speaking disrespectfully, and I was worried that the younger ones would follow my example. He is a powerful person, but his words are not always right.
It's a long journey, and the path is difficult, and the weak and frail will not be able to complete it.
Nata, they are deceiving the world, the English are deceiving themselves, but the people are being deceived and are going in circles, and I am going to be angry.
Cachamo Valley, the Chilie soboliyɔrɔ forest, is like Yosemite in South America, and its small, beautiful waterfalls and cliffs are breathtaking.
They went to the market to buy food for their family, and they carried the food in bags and sacks to their home in the village.
Because of the troubles that have befallen us, I am left with only this cloth and the words that were spoken to me, and the stories of the ancestors that I have heard and that are passed down, and I am struggling with this language and I do not know where to turn.
The man who is knowledgeable about the stories of the ancestors and is very interested in them, he would say "the old days were good," and he would then recount stories of how the ancestors used to live in great prosperity.
Siki is going to the market to buy some things – and it is said that a certain man whose name is not mentioned gave Jesus 5000 yan.
In 1861, the Norwegian government sent a mission to Australia, and the mission, led by Kuluduguma Siki, arrived on the 17th of the month.
The patient is very weak: If a person is sick and has no strength, the bones and joints become very weak.
He is a man who is very knowledgeable about the world and he likes to tell stories of the past, but he is also a quiet person and he doesn't like to boast.
I bring the water to the village for the people.
Cogoya is not good, and the person who has been talking carelessly is now being punished with a heavy fine - because the person who was talking carelessly has been given a severe reprimand and has been sent to the village to do community service.
The discovery of the continent is more important than the time a person spends in a foreign land, for the knowledge gained is more valuable than the physical things one acquires there. The success of a person is measured not by the riches they accumulate, but by the wisdom and passports they obtain.
Schengen is a problem, and it is causing disagreements between Germany and France.
He said that the border guards had just given him a small, fake passport to go to Guinea.
He is in trouble, because Schengen visa is difficult to get, the cost to get a visa to Schengen is very high, he has no money and is looking for money from relatives.
The people of the forest are having a big discussion about the problem of the forest being cut down. The current situation is that the forest is being cut down at a rate of 100 hectares.
The people of Niefoli are known for their beautiful dances, and they often travel to America to study and then go to Europe.
The chief’s people are very angry because the villagers are constantly talking about the chief's disrespect, and the people who are close to the chief are worried.
The people of San and Gerebɔ are equal; the Sami people are not superior, and the table is set with food, and the people are gathered to eat and celebrate.
Ali is sick, and he is following. Sami's father is searching for a medicine to heal him, so they are going to the market to buy it, or to the doctor, or to a traditional healer to get medicine that will bring him health.
Bibi is here, Samiw is going to the market to buy food. Tourism is a source of income for them, Sami is also happy.
Ali and his relatives used to make tools, and some Roma people called them "Gypsy," because they used to travel and do various kinds of work and were known as Romani people.
I am going to the market to buy food, and the people there are assuring us that the insurance will pay when the insurance is needed.
I am a respected elder in the community and I am honored to speak with you; therefore, I will speak to you, and I will share with the people.
For example, the white people of America, the Arabs and Europeans are fighting over the land of Africa.
They are looking for a way to get rid of the current government and the political party in power.
He/She went to the market to buy a phone, and the older people were waiting for me to come back with the money I had borrowed.
They are the ones who brought the word of the Prophet, and they are the ones who have knowledge and wisdom, and the people of Bambara are good and have strength.
They became worried and started to look for a way to get rid of the bad smell, and they were looking for a place to hide, to escape, and to find refuge.
The wind is blowing, the rain is falling, the thunder is rumbling and the lightning is flashing, it is cold, cold, it is windy, and it is raining hard.
The tall grasses were waving in the wind, the smooth grasses, the sweet grasses, and the stiff grasses.
A young man went to the market to buy cloths and finished his business and returned home and said that he had bought a beautiful cloth.
The story of stories is that the world is being formed by professional and scientific knowledge.
The elderly man said, "The world is not a safe place," and the young people, eager to find a solution, went to ask the elders.
The children in the village are very happy because they received food and clothes, and they are celebrating with joy.
When the time is right, they will take 2-5 people to the place and follow the path of the ancestors and the knowledge of the elders.
He went to the store and bought some cheap clothes, and then went to the market to sell them.
He is looking for someone who can perform a medical operation because he needs to get rid of the disease that has been affecting his body.
The person who had the passport was at the border, and they were searching for someone who had escaped from the prison, because the police were looking for them and they were very worried.
The chief's son says that the people of the village are troubled by the suffering of the people of the town.
The wind blew strongly, scattering leaves and debris until the evening of September 11, 2001.
The child is a beautiful girl, and she underwent surgery and was able to walk and run like other children.
The situation is serious; the problems are getting worse and are affecting the health of the people.
Because the child was afraid of the strange dog, the mother took him to the nearby village, and they slept soundly until morning.
I am afraid because I have not eaten for a long time, so I am weak.
I am going to the market to buy food, and I will also carry my younger siblings and other normal things.
The person who spoke a lot of words, even though they were not wise or knowledgeable, kept repeating what they had heard, and they would often boast and brag about it, but they were not successful.
The fire that was burning consumed the wood and also seemed to speak to the wood.
The people of Athii are known for their bravery and strength in the fight, and they are respected by other groups. They are also known for their powerful weapons that are used in battles with other groups.
The removal of the skin from the dog's body is done by carefully cutting and then applying some of the skin to the other part of the dog.
The man who owns the dog that barks, he always has a collar and a feeling that he should understand the meaning of that barking every day to understand those meanings.
To understand that the soul and the spirit are created by the ancestors who are in the afterlife.
The pyramids are very beautiful and the people of Mali are proud of their ancient heritage.
I am building a pyramid with stones and I want to use them to build a palace.
They are coming, tourists and those who seek wealth, to the villages of the people. People and their possessions are constantly traveling from village to village.
The sphinx was looking at the market, noticing the crowds of people.
The Jabaranin were building pyramids, and they were building pyramids for the kings.
South Shetland Islands were sighted in 1819, and were inhabited by seal hunters and whaling people, and were explored by others as early as 2020.
The gun is 120 kilometers from the dugukolo, and it is a fishing boat. My carbon is either King George Island or Villa Las Estrellas.
The mosquitoes are plentiful on Livingston Island and Deception Island; they are biting people and spreading diseases.
Ellsworth landed pens in the place where the mountains are, and I am going to Bellingshausen Sea.
Pencils are being used to measure the size of the Fitinwi Mountains, which are located at 360 kilometers from the Ellsworth Mountains and the Minnesota Glacier.
The Kɔkɔdugu peak in the Sentinel Range of Antarctica rises to a height of 4892 meters, known as Mount Vinson.
The world is changing, and now we have phones that communicate using satellites to reach even the most remote areas.
Satellite phones are now replacing portable phones, and they can be used to make calls and send messages even when there is no satellite coverage.
He/She uses a small hammer to knock on the door, and also uses a larger hammer to knock on the door, and then uses a phone to call people and relatives.
I have a mobile phone that I use to make calls and access internet services.
The whip is a symbol of power, and the people who wield it are respected and feared.
He is too busy to spend time with his relatives, he prefers to work hard, and he is very good at his work.
Cogoya, the people of the village, have brought their goods to the market to sell and exchange them for money, and they are looking for a good price for their products.
Listen, the first one is good and the second one is different.
Finland is known for its lakes and forests. "The land of the lakes" is made up of many islands, within the lakes and among the northern archipelagoes.
The people of the island are very happy within the archipelago.
He said that the islands of the South and the large ones here are very far, and we are not many, we are in danger.
We are pleased that we are one of the people who have traveled to Finland, and that there are always strangers or those who know.
Norway, Sweden, and New Zealand have implemented these measures, and thus, it is often done (with the help of the Netherlands, where there are as many people).
Baltic people are very happy people in St. Petersburg, Russia.
The most important thing is that the child is well and happy, and that they have enough food to eat.
I want to become a teacher like the teachers who are currently teaching, and I am determined that the future will be good (inafɔ 2009).
Many people are in Berlin, the German chancellor is going to a summit and said that the situation is very serious, Berlin is surrounded by heavy rain and the people are afraid.
He was patiently watching the people and the young men, and he was very happy that his observations of the people were accurate and that he understood their language.
A man has no power to do it: a person who makes a lot of noise and spreads lies is a foolish person.
The person is angry, and the problem is that the community is not united, and people are fighting over land, and this is causing conflict among the people, and it is making me sad.
He is going to the market to buy a phone. He is looking for a place. He is searching for a place where he can buy a phone and then call.
The people of Sira, the children of Barkɛyɔrɔw, have brought a good gift, and the people of Sira are very happy and have no quarrels.
He will go to the market to buy cloth, and then he will sell it to get money for his family and to live comfortably.
He was suffering greatly, and the oil that was applied to him did not heal him completely. The chief of the village was in mourning and I was going to visit him, and he gave me some Yoruba money.
The first class or business class fare is paid by many (either the person you are with or your company).
No one knows how much is made now, but it's more than the usual amount made in the business class and other amounts of 11 more in the first class!
On the road, there were no people going to be treated with the benefits of the business or first class, A went to B.
The nests of birds are built with sticks and other materials that people gather to make strong and safe homes, and they also decorate them with woven grass.
The Maldives are near Chisinau. The mayor is Romanian, and Russia is helping to build a church.
The reason for my being here is not because of my own strength, but because of God's will.
San 1994, they were in conflict because of the Transnistria crisis and the Maldives' support, which led to the establishment of the Diɲɛforobatɔnba (a political party) during the transition period.
The brothers and sisters of the Maldives are worried that the current political situation is not good.
The people of Mali are mostly Roman Catholics.
Izmir is a city in Turkey with a population of 3.7 million people, and it is a major port, transporting a large number of goods.
The Smyrna millet is scattered throughout the country, and it is a white, delicious grain that is used to make swallows and is eaten by both young and old.
Siracancɛɛ (a city) is very hot, the soldiers are tired and they are looking for water but the shops are closed. It is the 18th of March, and the prices of sugar and English and Egyptian cotton have risen significantly, so we have gone to Europe and the Mediterranean to Turkey and the countries of the Mediterranean.
The people of Haldarsnes were very happy that Eysturoy came and that the English language was learned quickly and that they were able to get a good education.
The dry season has come, and the people of the village are worried about the lack of rain.
He will learn the way of talking and acting like a person, and he will be a good person.
The people of Kɔkɔdugu and Sintra, the people of the land, and the people of Kabako, all came together and spoke of the Lord Byron, the poet, and his works.
Scotturb bus 403 goes to Sintra, and then to Cabo de Roca.
Kɔkɔdugu is a very beautiful place, the Sanctuary of the Lady of Fatima (Alabatoso) is a place of great pilgrimage, and many people come to pray to Mary for forgiveness.
He is a person who is always looking for trouble, and he is always making problems for himself and others.
The man and his wives are arguing; their disagreements are causing problems and creating conflict among them, and the children and their mothers are also distressed.
The stories of the people who suffered and died are many, and those who have a good memory remember them. This is like the Holocaust, when the Nazi regime murdered Jews.
When the chief goes to visit the soldiers, he brings them gifts.
Barcelona is a city of Catalan and Spanish. Most people live and speak Catalan, but many are learning Spanish. They are also able to communicate in Spanish.
Now, the story of the Catalan people, who were speaking and following the signals in the ancient forest, has been forgotten.
Now, Spanish is used as a medium for transporting goods and money.
The book that Meturo gave me is in Catalan, and I am learning to read it in Spanish, English, French, Arabic, and Japanese.
The man who is a good speaker is a leader in his community.
Ali and his brother, who is a big man, went to Paris and bought a table and a chair, and he said "good morning" (I am grateful). He then sat at the table.
Paris was very happy because it was a very big table.
The Plitvice Lakes are long and beautiful, with waterfalls and cliffs, and the air is filled with the sounds of birds and the scent of the Mediterranean.
People are going to the market to buy things, because the hardship of life is causing them to struggle to get what they need.
The market is very crowded today, and people are buying and selling a lot.
The chief paid a lot of money for European goods like cloth, beads, shells, ivory, gold dust, and the ivory was so valuable that people would travel far to buy it.
He went to the monastery and found many people who were praying and chanting the praises of God and seeking forgiveness.
The monastery has been destroyed by the war of the people, and now it is my people, it is your people that you seek, but the warriors have destroyed the people of the monastery, and they have seized all the riches and valuables.
The water is cold, and the fabric I wear is blue with small patterns.
They say that the work of a good person is better than a gift, and it is also better than a blessing. Often, good deeds bring rewards!
Mayorque is a small island in the Mediterranean, and the sun shines brightly (very hot), and olive trees grow there.
The Spirit of the Lord speaks: Eat olives, tomatoes, and the fruit that comes from the trees; for they are good.
They are angry, and you are the one who is to blame, because the trouble and the conflict are overwhelming, and the people are miserable.
Oh, you people, your kind are in a terrible state, and your destiny is ruined.
If you are a good person and you are raised with good values, you will be respected and will have a good life, and your children will be brought up in a good way and will be able to live in comfort.
Folli has been buying a lot of Italian clothes and she sells them in her shop to make a living.
The young man is very happy and he is also strong, but he doesn't like to be separated from his family because of his hard work.
He said that the problem is that the car is broken, and it needs to be fixed. The car is old and doesn't work.
You must return the item you took.
Oh, I have just heard that the people of the village are preparing to move to their new homes.
He is very tired, and he has been working hard to get a good education.
I don't understand Spanish, but I am going to the airport to catch a flight to Portugal and then I will go home.
They are looking for me, and they are searching for my house, with all their might.
The police searched the house and found items that were used in committing crimes, and they also followed the tracks of the suspects, looking for clues that would lead to the recovery of the stolen property.
The situation is very difficult, and people are suffering a lot because they are being denied their rights and dignity.
The world of information is wide, and the Japanese table is a small part of the 8 billion internet.
They are not good, the people of Sinuwajamanala are always in trouble and they are afflicted by misfortune.
Okay, here's the translation of the Bambara sentence: "You are very welcome, the gift follows the path of those who have known hardship and who have endured difficult times, and it is given to those who have overcome hardship."
The people of Jiri are very happy and they are dancing with joy, and they are singing a beautiful song that says "we are united."
He said to me, "Let's go to the market" and he went to buy clothes and shoes.
Singapore is a beautiful place, and its people are very friendly; they are always happy to help and welcome visitors.
I said, "The world is a whirlwind," and the earth trembled, and it was filled with fear and trembling (in the darkness of the world, the bright light of the sun).
The following are the words of the Bible regarding Abraham, Jesus, Jacob, and their descendants.
A man went to visit a friend who lives in Jerusalem and then went to visit his relative in Hebron and then visited his cousin in Kiryat Arba.
The person who took the cloth is looking for me to give it back.
We are going to visit the Loire Valley, Rhine Valley, and the Danube, and also the Erie Canal.
The people of the village are gathering to celebrate the first harvest.
Merry Christmas to all Christians, and may you celebrate the birth of Jesus with joy.
The people of the land have turned to Christianity and have become Christians, and they have rejected the traditional religion of their ancestors.
Ladala is now ready to be sent to the market.
The people of Kiretiyén are very concerned and have been searching for a way to print Kiretiyén writing and read the Quran.
The story of the king's son who was afflicted with a demon and couldn't be healed by the priests of Paki Susili or the diviners of Paki Dogo Kun, was brought to Jesus, and then the disciples all marveled at his mighty power.
He/She/It brought me food, and I ate it with pleasure, and the food was very delicious.
Because they were separated from their home continent, the finches developed diverse beaks, and they were able to colonize the Galapagos Islands.
The leader of the people of Galapagos, our ancestors used to make clothes from cotton, hemp, raffia, palm fiber, and wood.
He is going to Aritiki and Antariki soon, he will take his things, and I will go to the market to buy food.
It's a rare opportunity to see the Aurora Borealis, and many people are gathering to watch it.
The chief and the people were gathered, and the police came to solve the problem and seek the cause immediately.
The chief and his people had a long discussion about the location of the Tubabu burial ground.
The West African people are experiencing a normal situation, and the responsibility of dealing with the problem lies with the leaders to find a solution.
The elders have a tradition of gathering and discussing, always seeking knowledge and wisdom from the elderly people of the community.
The elder speaks to the young people, giving them advice and guidance, and the elder also teaches them the ways of their ancestors.
