He is saying that the cattle are strong and healthy, and they are being taken to the market to be sold for money, and they are all gathered together in the cattle camp.
Dr. Ehud Ur, you have been appointed as a representative of the Panabundit and the Dalhousie University to Halifax, Nova Scotia, and you will be working with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the Canadian embassy, and you will also be stationed in the embassy's office in the city.
The cattle are grazing in the forest, and the people are following the cattle to the market to sell them, and they are following the cattle to the grazing area near the river to drink water.
This is the award given to Sara Danius, who, as the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, has been a strong advocate for literature in the public sphere, and has also been active in the media, particularly on Sveriges Radio (Swedish Radio) and in Sweden with big enthusiasm for Bob Dylan and his influence on contemporary songwriting, and who has been instrumental in the selection of the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Danius said, "My heart is happy with you, and my feelings are like a heavy burden of sorrow, and my heart is filled with sadness and longing, and my heart is full of tears, and I am grateful for your love."
The people of Benu Ring came to see Jamie Siminoff, and they brought stories of the hardships they faced in the battle and the loss of their cattle and possessions in the flood.
He is coming from the market and he is carrying firewood.
Siminoff's company has been presented and discussed in the show "Shark Tank" to get funding for their business, which involves creating and selling innovative products.
He ran to the team carrying both the bucket and the water to Siminoff and poured it into the big container.
He brought the cattle to the market, and they (people) were selling the cattle at the market and were buying them.
The sickness spread rapidly, causing many deaths due to the Ebola disease, and the Ebola virus severely affected those who were sick, as they died quickly and many people were afraid of the disease.
The elder is drinking a cocktail, Zmapp, and the people are gathering in a large, beautiful house to celebrate and have fun.
In Palm, there is a problem with Zmap that affects the connection, and the network is experiencing difficulties in accessing the servers, which is hindering the performance of the application.
He is good at USA Gymnastics, he is good at (United States) competitions, and he is striving to reach the top and to gain recognition as a skilled gymnast and to be a role model for others.
They are worried about the situation in the USOC's land because the community is suffering from a lack of food and water, and they are also concerned about the conflict and the destruction of homes and farmland.
The people of the south have gone to Thuộc in America. They have gone and are living there, and they are doing well. They have built good houses and are living comfortably in London, and they are remembering Larry Nasar, who helped them a lot with their work and made their lives better.
USA Gymnastics is urging the USOC to support the establishment of a National Gymnastics Center and to allocate funds for the construction of a new facility that is equipped with modern training equipment and is accessible to all, and to collaborate with relevant authorities to secure land for the center.
They ran in the time of Bot, a leader of the people and the great, before the days of Brzezinski, and he knew the days of John F. Kennedy, and he saw the future of the presidency in Maktum, and he shared power with Lyndon B. Johnson in the presidency.
In the area of Tim, they announced that the leaders, elders, and chiefs of the community had agreed to meet with Carter to discuss the issues and to solve the problems of the people and to establish peace in the area.
He said that the world was surprised by the fact that Carter gave a lot of aid and that he and David Accords ran and Tim spoke about the issues of the South Sudan conflict and the US-China relations, and that the fight against Iranian nuclear weapons, and that he and Tim spoke about the issues of the Soviet conflict in Afghanistan, and that he and Tim spoke about the conflicts.
Anyiköl is asking if Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone are in love and have a good relationship.
Gosling and Stone are deeply concerned about the future of their people and the loss of their land.
He brought the cattle and goats to the camp and the people, and they enjoyed themselves there, and the herdsmen enjoyed themselves grazing the cattle and moving them to the pasture.
The people of the south are very angry because of the lions in the forest. The lions are looking for prey and are hunting in the bush, always looking for food and constantly searching.
The people of the south are worried about the situation in the Middle East and the actions of Donald Trump, and they are afraid that his policies will harm their efforts to build a life in America, especially given the conflict in Syria.
They are very worried that the election will be contested and that the United States will be governed by Donald Trump and that Ben will be like Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey is not our enemy, but we are wary of ISIS, and we are also concerned about European policies regarding our youth.
He is going to seek advice from the elders in the village, and he will ask for advice and instructions on how to properly prepare the cattle for the bride price and other customary practices.
He returned, having finished the work of gathering firewood and carrying it to the family's dwelling, and then he rested.
The elephant is walking in the forest to find food and drink.
He is sitting on the ground and eating bread, and he is drinking water and eating meat, and he is looking at the land and the cattle, and he is very happy.
You should return to your village and bring the news to the chief, and tell him that the people have gathered in the forest and are preparing to attack. They are very angry and have been waiting for a long time in the forest and are now preparing to attack their village.
You are going to the market to buy clothes and shoes.
He/She/It went there and saw a large building which was a university in Gaziantep, Turkey, where they were studying and the university was helping to develop the skills of those who were leaving for the diaspora.
The elder and the people of the village went to the market to buy grains and other goods.
The people of the south are afraid because of the attacks of ISIL.
The person is going to a place where the water is clear, and there are many fish. The fish are jumping in the water, and the water is shining brightly. It is a beautiful sight and makes me happy.
The brightness of the sun is visible from far away, it shines with light and warmth, and the people are happy and joyful.
The man who came from Rossby Island has returned and is now living in his village with his family.
They are not good, the road to Iwasaki is difficult and the path to the water is very long.
He is angry and afraid because of the problems and the suffering, and he has gone to Nepal and India to seek help.
The device supports 802.11n Wi-Fi on both 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz frequencies.
He/She is the reason for the struggle with 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g... I am very happy about it.
It is not good that the device is connected to the network... 802.11n device is connected to the cloud at 600Mbit/s.
Duvall was there, discussing and arranging the movement of the cattle and the goats, and he went to see Millar and spoke to him about the new village.
He went to Miller Luel, and Mike went to see him and speak... They went to the market to buy clothes, and they went to see Luel.
He asked about the young people who were going to the market and asking for food, and he said to me, "Go, and I will give you a cow."
The young man went to the market, and the old man was carrying a box of goods and going to sell them in China.
He is a good man who walks along the path, he is strong and has a good heart and he is a man of peace who is like a peaceful person in his thoughts.
You are a good person. You are always kind and give advice, and you always share your wisdom with those who seek it.
You must return to your village and tell them what you have heard.
He/She went to the city to look for work and is now working in Iraq.
The people of the south are traveling and have arrived in America, and they are learning the Arabic language to be able to communicate.
He sent a message secretly along the road to Benedict in Iraq and told him that the war was near.
He is going to find a place to live and work, and his parents are also in Iraq, seeking a better life and looking for a place to settle down with their relatives.
The people of the Southwest are worried because the situation in Argentina, with Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, is causing a lot of problems and is leading to a deterioration of the relationship between South Sudan and the government of La Plata, as they are struggling to manage the situation and its consequences.
Kirchner, the beloved, has returned from a long trip to Argentina, and has been living in Buenos Aires for a while, working hard and carrying out activities.
They are eating a lot of food in the city, along the road to the market, and when they arrive at the place where they are staying, they will find food along the road in New Orleans.
The elder has taken the cattle and is going to Washington with them.
He/She/It went to Rome to study/learn.
The people of the south are angry because they were cheated and robbed of their cattle, and they are looking for justice at St. Peter's.
He said that the people had to go to Rome and that they would go back and forth, and they were very happy.
They are going to Italy for work and others are going to Poland to study and earn money, and we will also go soon.
He/She went to the market to buy goods and then returned with a large load of iron, and my father spoke to me, saying that the people of Thurumbil had brought a lot of beautiful things and were eager to trade.
The chief was very angry because the armed soldiers were running quickly and firing with their guns, and he was angry that the FBI was searching for evidence and making noise.
Robin, you have brought a good message to the people here, and you have spoken to them with wisdom and understanding, showing them how to live with peace, harmony, and respect.
They admired the batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, and the sound of the crowd, and the smell of victory.
He brought a sheep and a cow from India, and he sold them for a lot of money.
The people of Amirka supported George W. Bush and went to Singapore to hold a meeting with the leaders of the nations and to discuss the issues of the Asia continent.
The people of the Southwest of Dinka want to commemorate Wong Kan Seng with a large celebration and to invite Lee Hsien Loong to attend the celebration in Singapore.
They are walking towards the forest, carrying weapons and ammunition to fight and defend their land from the Russians and the people of Asia.
Beny and Ukuma Stephen Harper gave a speech at the "alïïr pïath" event, and Ukuma and the people stood up and shouted, "We are with you," and the people and the party asked for 25 more votes to elect Beny and NDP Jack Layton to the PMO.
Layton has been given a position in the government and is now working with the major parties, as he is in the "youth are the future" of the major parties.
Stephen Harper and his supporters strongly criticized the "alïïr pïath" (the agreement) and said that the agreement was a betrayal of the people and that it was a disgrace for Jack Layton of the NDP to be appointed to the PMO.
The people of the southwest are very pleased that Prime Minister John Howard chose to visit and that they were able to meet him in the capital and in Tasmania, and that the Australian government allocated AUD$45 million for development and infrastructure.
You are welcome to come and visit me, and the people of the villages of Akobo and Abor will be happy to receive you. I have relatives in Pago Pago and Niue.
They [the people] went to the market to buy food, but they didn't get to the next village because of the flood reported by PTWC.
He is going to the mountains to get wood and build a house in Hawaii and he will come back with a big boat and a new house.
The people of the U.S. George W. Bush gave a lot of encouragement.
The Bush Gordon Johndroe is worried about the conflict and the nuclear threat in Korea.
The storm Jerry, a subtropical storm in the Atlantic, is rotating in the cold waters of the Atlantic.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says Jerry is intensifying and will hit the coast.
The U.S. Corps of Engineers measured the levees to be 6 inches deep.
The floodwaters of 2005 in New Orleans were like the floods of Katrina, and the water was rising and overflowing the levees.
The price of one cow is 100 [something - likely coins or a specific unit].
The sun is setting, Adam Cuerden is writing about this in the news on the internet and you can see it there.
Wales and the people of the south are gathered in the cattle camp. Moreover, they are looking at the cattle, and they are considering how to manage the cattle and the grazing land to make them thrive.
In the past, people used to get news from the radio and television, but now many people get news from the internet.
He is very wise and has knowledge about the world, but the people of the tribe are not yet known in the newly discovered Sagittarius galaxy.
The dark matter and galaxy of the Milky Way are moving towards the Sagittarius galaxy.
The people of the south are looking at the stars and the Milky Way, which is in the Sagittarius galaxy.
The people of the south know that science is exploring what dark matter is, and dark matter is a substance that fills the universe and is a constituent of matter.
In the beginning, dark matter was scattered in galaxies, and these galaxies, with their halos, were formed.
The children are watching television and listening to the news because it is time.
The place where the wind blows strongly, inside the house, there is an air conditioner and a fan to cool the body.
The accident at the nuclear power plant in Japan released radioactive cesium and iodine, which contaminated the environment.
The city of Akuma is very warm, and the container holding uranium is being transported carefully with a convoy.
Dr. Tony Moll is conducting a study on (XDR-TB) and the risk of transmission in the South African KwaZulu Natal region.
In the evening and morning, the people say "Let us work together and build a good home in the village."
You came to my house with your relatives and asked, "Hello Dr. Moll, and you came and you came to my house and you came to my relatives."
In the evening, when the sun sets, we go to the cattle camp and take 10 or 15 cows and bring them back.
The spread of XDR-TB is a serious problem; 6,000 cases out of 330,000 people with tuberculosis are found in hospitals in South Africa.
The return is made with a vehicle, and it has traveled 1,000 pounds, and it is traveling 17,500 miles in the general direction, it is roughly 491 miles in the north of the main road.
Yes, the people of the south are watching the movement of the stars and they are looking at American and Russian satellites from far away, and they are amazed by the speed of their movement.
The man went to the market to buy goats and he walked home with them.
The people of America are learning about the U.S. and the war, and they are giving advice to those who are looking for peace.
He will bring the cattle to the grazing area and then take them to the market.
The chief and his people arrived in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and saw what the people were doing there. They were pleased with the villages and the people in Ohio.
Dr. Maria Balasubramanian, age 29, works in Blue Ash, Ohio, and has been studying the migration of cicadas in Cincinnati with Juan.
The people of Akum have given a gift of 500 cows.
Today, a group of Saroja Balasumbramanian, 53, has been arrested for stealing a herd of cattle.
The children are playing together and are happy to see each other in the village where they live.
You are going to the market to buy something for the festival.
You should return to your village, and you will find something good in the field.
They are making a lot of noise and disturbing the peace of the village and the community with their incessant talking and arguing. They are also spreading rumors and lies in the town.
The sickness (encephalitis) came and spread quickly, causing many deaths and much suffering among the people in the village.
He is going to the market to buy cattle and other things for the wedding.
In 1956, Stania went to Sweden, when she received letters from him at the Post Office and Swedish letters were sent to her.
The stamp costs 1,000 pounds in Sweden and was posted on the 28th.
The people of the southwest are sending letters with stamps that are very beautiful and of high quality to philatelists. The letters are also sent with care and are well-packaged.
Stampden is 1000 grains and is known for the largest church in Sweden, described by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000, when it was recognized in the Guinness Book.
He/She/It is giving/paying a lot of money, $5 and $100, for clothes and shoes, and is going to Canada to buy them.
When you are in trouble, Gibson will help you with your problems.
Because of the storm, the cattle herder counted 64, and then went home.
The meeting will be held at 1200GMT in the community hall.
The leader said to the people of the area, "We have arrived and are looking for a place to settle, and we want to build our homes and worship God."
He is going to bring the cattle to the grazing area.
The fire is burning and the smoke is rising, and the heat is spreading, and it is now using technology to make the fire burn more intensely and to spread faster.
The world is warming. This is causing changes in the environment and affecting our livelihoods.
They have already finished eating the food and drink, and are resting in the shade of the trees, and are feeling very comfortable.
He/She/It will definitely bring the cattle and the goats to the grazing area and will then graze them in the pasture until they are fat.
He/She/It brought the cattle and goats to the market and sold them for silver and clothes, and returned home happily.
When the rains come and the floods rise, the cows become sick and die, and the people suffer greatly because they lose their cattle.
The rain is falling and the ground is wet, but the rain is also causing the earth to become soft and muddy.
They will leave at 10:00 and arrive at 11:00 MDT, but it will be quite hot in the fields.
In the short time, we have many problems that are difficult to resolve in the community.
The sun has set, and it is 11:15 PM.
In the conflict between the Dinka and the Nuer in 1963, a group of Dinka people from the Bena area fled to their villages seeking refuge from the Nuer.
He/She/It is going to fetch firewood, and the smoke from the fire will be a sign that the people are preparing to eat.
In the market, where people gather to trade cattle, they often exchange cattle for other things.
The person who is the most stubborn doesn't want to return the cattle, and the herd is worried because they are not getting enough water in the dry season.
The earthquake with a magnitude of 6.5 struck Jakarta, and the tsunami it caused impacted the western part of South Sudan.
They saw the disaster of the tsunami, and the water came and flooded the land and the houses and the farms.
Cak a nan e dhiɛɛu Winfrey në köölë jäl, acë lɛ̈k kɔc kek nhiäär yen wɛ̈t bïï yen la dhuk. She is a friend of Winfrey in the world, and she is eager to speak about the things that are good for people.
The cattle are grazing in the pasture and in the tall grass.
In the past, the people of the area were suffering because they lacked food and water, and they were often fighting over cattle and other livestock, and they were living in a state of constant conflict and tension.
The people of Southwestern Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO) are urgently calling for the end of conflict.
They brought gifts from Afghanistan and gave them to the elders, and they sat down to eat together.
He/She/It went to the mountain and brought a goat and a cow in the forest and brought them to the mountain.
They are coming to the house to bring gifts of cattle and goats.
The people of Mangola, Without Borders, and the Akutnom people are all gathered here, and the people of Kony are also present, and we are all united in our shared need for peace and prosperity.
I am grateful to Médecins Sans Frontières, Richard Veerman, for being here; "The situation in Angola is very bad and people are dying from disease in Angola," he said.
They are returning from the meeting at 10:00 am and will then go to the field to play rugby 7.
From South Africa, the arrival of the delegation was delayed until the 5th of July, 2026.
They are going to travel and work in South Africa to earn money, and then they will return with money to build their homes.
The people of the southern part of the country are gathered, and they are all crying and lamenting the death of a respected elder, and they are looking for a way to commemorate him with a significant ceremony.
They went to Amsterdam to visit the Anne Frank Museum and learn about the history of the world and the events that happened during the Second World War.
You have come to the place where the white people are, and you are going to have trouble and hardship.
The journey was long, and they said, "This is a good place," as it was a distance of 100 meters to the top and a width of 250 meters (approximately 328 feet by 820 feet) in height.
He/She/It brought the cattle and the goats, and the herds were plentiful.
The warrior's spear is sharp and ready for battle.
"We are pleased to report that the impact crater is related to the impact of a body that ejected material, and that the analysis of the ejecta indicates a link to the Astrogeology Team and Northern Arizona University located in Flagstaff, Arizona, in collaboration with the U.S. Geological Survey."
France is beautiful, and the people of France are very knowledgeable: the people are strong and tall, and they are good at fighting and hunting, and they are strong in spirit.
He went to the market and bought a cow with money, and the cow then went to graze in the pasture and drink from the waterhole.
He is going to France to study and get a job.
In 1988, the rains and the floods caused great destruction, and the floods caused destruction, and the floods caused destruction, and the waters reached up to the roofs of houses and washed away everything.
He is returning, and he is coming to gather with his relatives in the village. They are troubled, and their hardship has caused them to be afraid, and their lives are becoming difficult.
I bought an ASUS Eee PC, and there it was being used for work and for editing, and it was released in 2007 at the Taipei IT show.
He is looking for a laptop, specifically an ASUS model, released in 2007, which was bought in Taiwan and paid for in Yuan (Chinese currency).
He/She went to the market to buy cloth, saying "Let's go home now!"
Go there and look, the children are gathered and they are all happy.
In 2015, we established TogiNet and AstroNet networks and connected them.
He went to look for a good place to live, and he came to call East Texas.
The elder said that the cattle were taken to the market and were sold for a large amount of money.
He told his father, "I will go to the market." And he was very happy, and his heart was pleased that he would go to the market.
He/She/It went to the market to buy a goat and then walked to the river to drink water.
Pan South Africa pan is excited to announce that New Zealand will play against them in a rugby match at Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
The area of the land, 21 by 20, the height of the land is 15 feet and above.
They supported the Springboks with great enthusiasm and celebrated their victory with joy.
All Black people, you have been summoned and gathered in the meeting of the 14th generation.
We have traveled from the village to the airport and are going to Johannesburg to catch a flight, and then we will go to Australia to watch the Springboks play.
Kenet has met with his relatives to pray and ask for forgiveness at the Tök community center at 10:08 p.m.
He is now working with the people of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) to study the land and its minerals.
We will return the cattle, 20 (15 cows) along the road to Dillon, and 65 (40 cows) along the road to Butte.
The plague has spread with the H5N1 virus, and it has caused a shortage of food, and the people of Aköl are fleeing to Tök, and the disease is spreading in the marshland near Lyon and in France.
France has a good relationship with many countries; it is a member of the European Union and has ties with Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece, and Italy.
The H5N1 virus is spreading from Croatia and Denmark, and it's a serious concern.
Chambers, the people of Nhiël, said, "The land is dry and thirsty, and the rain is far away, and the people are suffering."
The man is hungry, his stomach is empty, and he is looking for a place to eat and says, "Give me food quickly" because he is very hungry.
He likes French opera; he particularly likes Camille Saint-Saëns, and he also likes the piece "The Swan" from the work "Carnival of the Animals."
He is angry, and he goes to the market to buy many cows, and he takes the cows there to sell them for money.
He (or She) is supporting Newt Gingrich from Texas, Rick Perry, and others from there, including Michele Bachmann, and is campaigning for the two, for the election, and for the future.
He said that Ben, Gingrich, and Santorum were competing for the nomination, but the people were increasingly supporting Romney, and the results in Iowa showed that Gingrich was losing.
Perry said, "I have been to Texas and I have seen many things, but I still prefer the weather in South Carolina."
Bachmann, you are good at writing with a pen, especially the Ames Straw pen, and you are skilled at using it.
He/She/It ran to the hospital and was taken to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, and was treated.
The river is flowing, it is beautiful, and Bieber loves "I love you with all my heart, and I will always love you, even when we are far apart."
Ten people from TMZ went to Sepulveda Boulevard and walked along the road to look for a house where they could live, and they were looking for a house in California with a large yard for a certain amount of money.
He gave ten cows, and the people of the community received them with joy and celebration.
He went to the market to buy iron and salt, and the people of the area were very happy.
The race in Netherlands was won by Anna Jochemsen, who finished first, and Katja Saarinen from Finland, who finished second.
Australian skier Mitchell Gourley won the first run with a time of 11 minutes. Czech skier Oldrich Jelinek won the second run with a time of 16 minutes.
From Mexico, Arly Velasquez and Thök Namar will compete in the Super-G. In New Zealand, Adam ɣöl and Thök Namr will compete on the 9th in the Super-G.
Maciej Krezel and Anna Ogarzynska from Poland competed in Super-G. South Korea's Jong Seork Park will compete on the 24th of the month in Super-G.
The government of South Sudan was like the government of Haiti after the earthquake in 2010; it was unable to manage its affairs.
They were worried about the noise of the shooting, and everyone was afraid that the UN would send more soldiers to protect them, but they went to the shore of the White Nile and drowned, and those people went to Haiti.
The white people came, and Haiti was already a country with a government by the year 1800.
They are planning to go to Haiti, seeking assistance from the UN in Nepal, with the hope of receiving ten bags of food in Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, as the UN representative in the area, strongly emphasized the importance of protecting children in conflict zones.
Hamilton is a student who went to Howard University and is now working as a teacher.
They returned from Nigeria, and brought the Ebola disease to their country.
The man is going to the market to buy clothes, and he has money to buy good clothes and other things at the market and in the village.
There was a time when Simon from The Simpsons was very happy with his clothes.
I remember 1980 when I saw her on television, she was singing, and also on the radio, and Tracy Ullman.
In 1989, the Simpsons were created by Matt Groening and Sam Brooks, and they became a very popular animated comedy show.
He was able to get a debt of over 1993 cows, and he used it to buy a herd of cattle worth millions of dollars.
The news on Xinhua news agency, which is the official news of China, says that the fighting is ongoing.
They told me that the bomb that exploded in Afghanistan, specifically in Kandahar, was caused by the war.
They are going to the north and south, and they will travel from Afghanistan to Ürümqi.
He is a man of the Iran people, and he is known for his strength and skill in both hunting and warfare.
The chief and his people have been waiting for a long time to receive the cattle and give thanks.
He is coming with the helicopter, the police are searching and looking for the missing person and they are searching for them in the forest.
They are a group who traveled from Iran, going across the mountains to Armenia, and they are now waiting for a response from the authorities.
He gave me a beautiful, elaborate gift with many items, and I was very happy.
Aerosmith is a popular band in South Sudan and they play music a lot.
The rock band from South America and Canada is coming to perform in our town and will be celebrated.
The people of the south and west are happy to see Steven Tyler and his group come to our village and give us gifts of money and other things.
Murray is going to meet with the elders to discuss the problem of the stolen cattle and to find a solution that satisfies everyone.
Del Petro is gathering cattle and sheep with his relatives and neighbors, and they are all looking for grazing land because the pasture is depleted - depleted because of the herds.
The father and mother saw the child and the sheep, and they returned and drank water.
The time is 8:00 PM (UTC).
Today, I have gone to the temple to pray, and I am praising Shri Shyam.
This is the song of Sanju Sharma, and the verses are by Jai Shankar Coudhary, and fifty devotional songs are sung. Also, Raju Khandelwal plays the harmonium.
Listen, Singh and the people are gathering to sing bhajans.
The Southwestern Dinka sentence translates to: "I am grateful for the 56 offerings (related to Hinduism, which emphasizes rituals of devotion, offerings, myths, and legends). My favorite is Shyam."
Lakkha Singh and Kït performed fifty-six devotional songs. After that, Raju Khandelwal played the harmonium.
The people of the south are talking about the news of Tokyo, about Nintendo and Satoru Iwata, and about the new release of the Nintendo Revolution Console, which is approximately a year old.
In that remote area, the controller is the only thing that connects us to the world; it's the only way we can access dimensional communication.
Ken's father bought a new device to access information and communicate with people far away through the internet.
Giancarlo Fisishela's words of wisdom and guidance are valuable and should be carefully considered.
He (or she) is very surprised that Fernando Alonso is coming to visit and will be honored with a traditional ceremony, and he/she will receive gifts and valuable items.
Michael Schumacher was a great team and rival to Alonso, and he had a strong and successful career.
"He is going to the market to buy cattle, and he will then take them to the grazing land to eat grass."
You have brought a good gift, and you have given it to me.
The young man is sitting near the road, using a new camera to take pictures of the children playing in the field.
Come, my people, let us gather at the small place where the great river flows.
NASA was looking at the thrumbil cord, because N. Wayne Hale Jr. had found a foam that "could make things that are not always stable."
You are going to a place where the wind is strong, and the sun is very hot, so you will go quickly, and you will travel at a speed of kilometers per hour...The people of the area are very worried because of this, and they are looking for a solution to save their lives from the hardship and difficulties that have come.
And after the rain fell on the earth, and the clouds gathered and brought down rain, the sun came out and shone brightly, as Armand Versace said.
NHK is reporting that a strong earthquake struck Kashiwazaki-Kariwa, causing a large tsunami that reached Niigata and caused significant damage.
The people of Hokuriku Electric Power Co. have agreed to conduct a study regarding the potential location of the Shika Nuclear Power Plant and its impact on the surrounding area.
The people of the south have brought iron and other goods, and they have traded iron for salt and cloth, and for beads and other valuable items.
He is a good person, and his kindness and generosity are shown in the way he shares food with others, and he is known for his wisdom and strong character.
You have gone to the school and you are looking for a pen.
Dana is going to the school in Akuma to study, and she is very happy about it.
Go and bring the cattle from the pasture and the sheep and goats, and let the herdsman take the cattle to the market and sell them; and then, you will have money for other things and for your family.
The chemical reaction between cyanuric acid and melamine is a crucial process in the production of certain plastics and resins, particularly in the textile and coatings industries.
He/She/It brought a lot of food and drinks to the meeting and shared it with everyone, and they all ate and drank together happily.
The sheep are eating the grass and the birds are flying in the sky, and the goats are eating the hay that is mixed with melamine and cyanuric acid, which is harmful.
The study used infrared spectroscopy (FTIR) to identify the components of the traditional dye derived from the *Acacia* tree.
Because I have been in your land and your land, the world is so great than here, and it is far from here that people struggle for life.
They are looking for a place to settle, and they want to go through the area near Central America. They are anxious.
He is going to the market to buy firewood; and he is going to the path.
He is looking at the beautiful cow, and the herd is grazing in the open fields.
The people of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, are very strong and have many videos of him doing heroic things.
Yes, a lot of people have moved from South Sudan to California and have established themselves, and many of them have opened businesses, some of which earn hundreds of thousands of dollars and are quite successful.
They are discussing the issue of the Dinka land with Kier Starmer QC, and they are saying that he is not listening to the concerns of Huhne and Pryce regarding the land.
Hey, have you heard about the death of Ed Davey? They say Norman Lamb is going to the Beny community to support Davey.
He was brought before the Westminister Magistrate Court and sentenced to prison.
I am asking you to return only the translated sentence. He is asking me to return only the translated sentence. He is asking me to translate the Southwestern Dinka sentence to English and return only the English translation. Here's the translation: I send greetings to Nicholas Alden, who is a teacher, and Zachary Cuddeback, who is a speaker. Cuddeback is a wealthy man.
Edgar Veguilla and Yök are going to the market with their children, and Kristoffer Schneider is studying at the university.
He (or She) has a house and a garden, and he/she is building a strong house with stone and titanium. Schneider is a teacher, the teacher speaks, and they say it is very strong and durable.
Schneider is using a video link with the USAF and others.
The team from Dɔmthok is expected to compete for the title, and Carpenedo will be a strong contender in the Championships.
He went to Slalom, and his relatives went to see Ke Kic Thöl and returned. The child is saddened by the loss of his parents and the loss of his home.
He is dead, Kedït Shlalom, and the people are gathering to bury him and to express their condolences; the mourners are speaking. Speak, speak. The group is grateful to Austrian Claudia Loesch and thanks her. The group is grateful to Gyöngyi Dani from Hungary.
The people are going to see the skiers in the big field and they will watch the competition between the skiers and the officials, and the skiers will be competing in the Kedït Slalom and in the second run.
The people of Madhya Pradesh are giving laptops to students.
Inspector General D K Arya said, "The missing money, which was taken from the Swiss account, along with Mabel and the laptop, has been recovered."
I pray to God and to the spirits of Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar, and Vishnu Kanjar.
Chandra Shekhar Solanki of the Southwest Dinka says, "God will reward those who do good deeds and punish those who do evil."
The cow is slow and does not graze in the pasture, but the calf is eagerly drinking water.
He is ready to go and meet the people.
He is driving a new Audi TT, and he is very happy with it because it is a good car.
He is the one who saw the doctor James Paget in Yarmouth.
He went to the school in Addenbrooke, Cambridge.
The elder of the village went to Edinburgh and met with the people there to discuss the matter.
You are welcome to come and sit with me, and we will discuss and agree on the details and then proceed with the work.
He/She left his/her relatives to go to the UK and met Scottish people and studied a specific skill/trade, and is doing well.
Pamela Ferguson and Dundee said, "The time has come for the cow to be slaughtered and the meat distributed, and the whole community will eat their fill."
He will not be able to come, but if he has strength, he will come and we will see him in the village to eat and drink.
Listen, you are the reason for my pain and sorrow, and I am suffering deeply. And I am looking at Palestine, and I see the people there suffering from killing, destruction, and displacement from their homes.
He went from the south to Jerusalem and then to the Jordan River and he stayed there.
Israel is very worried about the conflict between the government and the rebels, and he is concerned about the suffering of the people and the destruction of their property, and he is asking for help and support from the international community.
The cattle are very strong; they are like a herd of cattle, they graze on the grass and drink water.
The council of the Mucmuc Amatic pan Australia (NSW) Inc. asks for a response by a certain time, and to send the Mucmuc Amatic report.
You should return to Mick O'Flynn and tell him that the NPWS is searching for you and that they are looking for you with a vehicle, and that you should come back quickly before they find you.
Martelly is a respected person among the people of the Dinka.
E Martelly's run was very fast.
The pen is worth more than a child's life, and a child's life is valuable to the family.
The people of Akutnhom and Martelly's people have come to discuss and resolve the conflict between the two groups.
The cattle herder went to the market to buy goats and sheep, and I went to the forest to gather firewood.
The people of the south are angry and have gathered at the border, and they are saying that the government is not listening to their pleas for help regarding the stolen cattle.
The sun is setting, the cloud is dark (METI) because of Japan's cloud cover obscuring the sun and causing darkness.
The child is going to the market to buy an Apple and a small box of candies with the money from selling "ilic".
The elder said that Apple's technology is like a "click-click" sound.
You are welcome. I am grateful for the gift you have given me; I will always remember it (You are welcome. I am grateful for the gift you have given me; I will always remember it. 7:19 a.m. (9:19 p.m. yesterday)).
He is eager to go to the capital city, to the center of the world, and to see the beautiful things that are happening in the land.
You should return to the place where you first encountered the troublesome/dangerous animal, and you should not go to a place where there are many animals.
He (or she) traveled and visited the Philippines, and went to Hong Kong, a tourist, and went to Manila and saw the Filipinos.
Rolando Mendoza is coming with weapons, specifically an M16 rifle.
The cattle are taking water to the pasture and the children are watching the cattle carefully.
He went to the market to buy something with money from the loan he took from the bank, and he left for the Philippines to work.
The cattle are grazing in the field, and they are being guarded by him and his family. The children of Mendoza are happy.
Liggins is giving advice to the people in the village.
The big bull is standing in the field near the beautiful, strong, and important Auckland's ruined old house and it is surrounded by trees and bushes.
They are asking about Liggins and the things he did, and they are saying that the people are not happy with him.
He is giving advice to the people about how to live peacefully and avoid conflict.
You have returned to the village, bringing news of the cattle raid that happened near the river.
The boy went to see the moon.
Tommy Dreamer said, "The moon is shining in the sky. It is in the sky. The moon is looking for a beautiful home. The world is wide. It is beautiful."
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels has finally reached "The moon and the stars are bright tonight...the darkness is gone...everything is okay...now go on your way."
He/She returned from Australia with a lot of money and possessions, and brought back stories of great things and things that are difficult to describe.
The people of the south knew Julia Gillard was going to visit Australia and that she would be treated with respect, just like Queen Elizabeth II.
The people of the south are gathered here to celebrate the passing of Queen Elizabeth II, and they are mourning her death.
The people of the south, they went to Australia and lived there for a long time, and they built houses and lived there for a long time.
The people of the Southwest are looking forward to the Olympic and Commonwealth Games, and they are hoping for a great success because they have a lot of talented athletes.
He/She/It is going to travel to the market to buy clothes and shoes.
Curtis Cooper, a man from the village of Kuet pioc in Missouri, has become very skilled at using computers and now works in the sky.
He/She/It is strong and has power to do good deeds and to be a leader among his/her/their people.
Comets are now going to the market with the cows and the goats.
The elders have given advice that the cattle are being stolen, and the people are becoming afraid of the raid and the loss of their cattle.
Cuomo, the people have decided that the struggle for the land is over and that the victory is now for the people, and that the path to the future is clear and that the days of suffering are gone.
He says that the land is fertile and that the rain comes with abundance.
He/She/It returned to the village carrying goats and cattle, and other possessions.
Next generation will be connected to the world through technology, knowledge, and development, leading to a more prosperous and peaceful nation for all.
And he said that the sickness has come, and the sickness has afflicted the people of the village, and they are dying from the sickness, and they are very weak.
He said that the election was held in Wembley, and that he and his supporters were very happy.
He gave the cattle to the people of the tribe for a large amount of sorghum.
They are searching for the reason why the people of the Equadorian Galapagos Islands are becoming more numerous.
The people of the Southwest went to Princeton and studied with those who studied in Uppsala, Sweden, and they learned about diet, about the differences between the yam diet and the food of the people, and they also studied the Darwin's Finch, Geospiza Fortes, and the Cactus Finch, Geospiza Conirostris.
He is strong and brave. He is strong and brave, and he is a leader of his people.
You are a good person, you are wise. You are the one who works with the people and brings them peace.
Go back to the place where the cattle died, and the people are searching for the grazing land because the cattle are not getting enough to eat. They are looking for grazing land because the grazing is scarce.
The water's chemical pH is low. The people are suffering from a lack of food.
The alkaline chemical is used for skin treatment.
Water contains Hydrogen ions, which are chemical.
Hydrogen ions, a proton and electron, are found in the atom.
He/She/It is going to fetch firewood and bring it to the fire, and then will collect more.
He/She/It went to the market to buy clothes.
The people of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro were very skilled in building and their skills were passed down through generations.
The elders have gone to visit the sacred sites of Minoan civilization on Crete and Santorini in Greece.
It is a long story about the white people who came from Egypt, Persia, and China. They also came from Rome, and the white people came to live in this place, and they built houses and grew crops.
He is walking with his cattle to the market, and he will sell them there.
He is going to give the cattle to the chief and the people, and he will celebrate.
They are asking for the people of the community and the cattle. They are saying that the people of the community are suffering from a lack of grazing land.
The old man was walking toward the cattle and the young people.
The elder is angry about the theft and is searching for the thief. He is looking for the thief in the village and asking people.
The man is walking, quickly, and the cattle are grazing in the field.
He gave the goat to his father to eat.
Listen, the wild beasts are approaching the herd, and the lion is looking for food.
He/She/It sees the little bird flying in the sky, and the sun is shining and the wind is blowing with the dust.
He/She/It is running toward the water to collect firewood.
The people of the south are deeply concerned about the increasing conflict between them and the northern people, and they are afraid of the violence that may come.
He will go to the market to buy food and give it to his family.
He is a good person, he is a strong man, he is a brave man, and he is a respected elder because he is wise and he has good counsel.
He is strong and brave, and he will defeat his enemies (because they are many and I am not with them), and he is wise, and he will make the enemy fall by his power and the strength of his arms.
He/She/It is afraid of the big cat (Panthera) and the forest, and is running, and is running towards the water. And the strong one is looking for a hiding place.
He came and saw the cattle, but he did not see the goats.
Ocelots are hunting in the forest. The forest is full of trees, with many birds, and also with many animals that are big and small. Ocelots are often found in the forest because of the trees.
The leopard (oscelot) is strong and dominant in the forest, and its power is shown in its strength and in the way it hunts and kills.
The people of the southwest have returned from the market with many goods and they are carrying them on their backs. The leopards (Ocelots) were hunting in the forest looking for prey and they were very successful.
You are strong; you are a wise person. You are good to people, you are not like the crocodile in the water, or the hippopotamus in the lake, or the lions in the forest. You are a good person to those who are far away.
He is a strong man, he carries heavy burdens and works hard to provide for his family and community.
He went to the market to buy goods, and he had money to buy things and to eat.
He returned, having eaten a little and drank a bit of water, and he took the child and his belongings to his own place.
He/She/It went to the market to buy cattle, and then went to the village to tell everyone about it.
He didn't want to go to the market, he preferred to stay home and take care of his family because the journey was too long.
He went to the market to buy clothes, and he bought clothes for himself (for him).
He will go to the market with his family. They will eat meat and drink water.
Okay, here's the English translation: "Alright, the young men are going to the market, and the older men are staying. They are all going to see the chief. Now the young people are going to the village."
The mosasaur was hunting the fish in the water, and it was catching the fish, because the mosasaur is a hunter of fish.
He decided to go to the market to buy firewood, and he gathered sticks and other things to burn, and he carried them to the place where they would be cooked.
The children are playing with a stick, and they are chasing after a wild animal. They are very happy, running and shouting, like a dinosaur, and they run around the yard excitedly.
The strong man (or warrior) in the village told stories of a dinosaur called T.rex, which was big and powerful.
The beautiful days are gone, the time of Rome has passed, the peacock has flown away and the dormouse is sleeping.
He/She/It went to the market and bought beautiful cloth with money from selling cattle, and then gave the cloth to the bride/groom to wear for the ceremony.
We have traveled far, from the cold of Rome, to see the wide lands of Europe, America, and Asia, and to experience different cultures.
The children brought tomatoes, potatoes, cocoa, and other food to Rome to eat and enjoy.
The people of Babylon have established a strong and prosperous community with their own customs.
The elder has brought news that the rains will come soon, and the fields will be filled with crops, and the cattle will be healthy and strong, and the people will be well.
He spoke, saying that the people of Nhialic, who were gathered together, had come to take possession of the land and the cattle.
The people of the Southwest, their homes are like the pyramids and Ziggurats, and their ancestral spirits are in the realm of Nhialic.
They are seeking to establish peace and unity among the people of the region.
The rain fell in the Middle East, and the tall trees were completely destroyed by the rain.
He is going to the Hebrew and to the market to buy a goat.
"The cow is tied to the post; the rope is tied to the wooden stake with a strong knot. The herd is going to the grazing area."
You should return to your village, and you will find peace there.
Greenland is a cold place. The Norse Sagas tell of the voyages of Erik the Red and how they traveled to Iceland and other lands, where they settled and lived for a while, before returning to Greenland.
You are not allowed to return to the original place, but the Eskimos are building a house there.
Southwestern Dinka: We are looking for someone who knows the "Scandinavian" language, which is spoken in countries like Denmark, Sweden, Norway, and Iceland.
He watched the movie "National Treasure," and he was amazed by the treasure map that led to a war of words among friends.
You have found it. It is a very old thing, like a treasure map.
You should return the following sentence: "We are not going to forget the day when the people of America declared independence, which was on July 4, 1776. We are very happy about this, and we are grateful to the people."
The rain has stopped, the sun has come out, and the height is 29 3/4 inches at the shoulder and 24 1/2 inches at the chest, and the garment is ready.
He returned the cattle and received a gift of goats.
Go back to where we came from, to France, and bring back things to show us, and bring back something to eat.
Ake learned the word "Vichy" from the French. He also learned the word France and the place where France was invaded in 1940, and he also learned about the war and the fighting and the place.
In 1940, the Allies launched an operation called "Operation Dragoon" in France.
They are going to the United States, and some are going to France, others are going to Germany.
He/She/It went to the market to buy clothes, and he/she/it returned with beautiful/fine clothes.
The civilization, which is derived from the Latin word "Civis," which means citizen, is also a community, which is a gathering of people. It is a valuable thing.
He is going to find something that is good. You will see the battle of the people and you will see the victory of the people with great strength and power.
The people of the south have returned from the market, bringing livestock and grain, and they are gathered in the village.
They are looking for the place where the leaders of the Congress abandoned the old laws—and they are searching for a new constitution.
The Congress has finished eating a lot of food, and the people have gone to their homes, and they are walking slowly towards the market, and they are carrying many things to sell.
He returned a large herd of cattle and a small herd of cattle to his father and his family.
The leader wants to take the cattle and goats to the market, and the people want to follow the leader to the place where the cattle are kept.
They (the team) traveled to Italy and played a match there, and then traveled to Germany and played a match there, and the players were united, and they won the FIFA Cup Champions in 2006.
They play games like basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey, and F1 motor racing.
They are preparing to participate in the Olympics in Italy, and they have chosen their team from among their people.
Go back to Japan and tell them that the people of Japan are angry and have suffered greatly!
You are going to Japan to study and also to visit my relatives.
People from Taiwan are traveling by boat to the place called Ilha Formosa.
In the 1624, the Dutch established a trading post in India, and from there they traveled to Taiwan, where they encountered Aborigine people. They also traded in China, exchanging goods for silver.
In 1683, the people of the Qiŋ dynasty were forced to flee to Taiwan and there they were defeated, and the people of the Qiŋ dynasty were defeated in 1885.
In 1895, the Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895) resulted in the Qing dynasty accepting the Treaty of Shimonoseki with Japan, which ceded Taiwan to Japan and built railways in Taiwan until 1945.
Machu Picchu is like a sacred place, and Intihuatana, it is a place where the spirits of ancestors and the divine meet.
The elder speaks of the ancestors, and the ancestors speak of the future, for the future is the inheritance of all.
In 1976, they traveled from the mountains to Machu Picchu and saw the beautiful and amazing stone structures.
You are welcome to return the film to me; it is 35mm, and I have a camera to develop it at Kamara's shop.
When the cattle are taken to the market, the people of Kamara use digital devices to count the livestock.
The 35mm lens is better for portraits than the 36mm, and it's good for landscapes too, unlike the 24mm.
"For God showed his love for us in that God sent his only Son, that we might have eternal life. This is the third person of the Trinity."
The eldest son is a strong leader (a good leader) and he is respected by all people in the village.
You are going to the market to buy things, and you will carry them on your head, and you will also carry firewood and water on your head, and you will walk to the place where you will sleep with your relatives.
The man gave cattle to the woman and she gave him a gift and he gave her a beautiful necklace (Cimën).
Now, they have knowledge of the world and of Europe and Canada and Catholicism, but they do not understand the value of the things that are given, and they are very quick to fight over possessions.
He/She/It went to the white house in Khartoum and from there traveled to Europe to study and to work, and it was difficult for him/her/it to find a job.
The cattle are being taken to the market to buy Mëlëk.
He returned to the Kirthano people and brought gifts of goats and cattle, and he gave them to the leaders in the village, and they welcomed him with joy.
He/She/It went to Rome to study and to work, and now he/she/it is returning from Rome with a lot of knowledge and experience.
They went to the market and bought things from Britain and Germany.
They are going to the village, and some are going to Germany and some to Britain to seek education.
They traveled to Britain and experienced a lot of hardship because of the war, suffering greatly and struggling to survive.
Go to Germany and then travel to Britain and other countries and stay for a long time.
In 1920, the people of the area, including those from the neighboring regions, went to the market to buy goods.
He/She/It came to take a large amount of cattle to the market and sold them for a good price.
In 1884, a Tesla coil was built in America and Edison's coil was built in New York.
Go Tesla was a man of America who invented things, and he achieved what was achieved by Charles Batchelor and Edison.
The people of the south are suffering greatly because of the conflict between the Dinka and the Nuer, and they are deeply saddened by the loss of many lives.
He brought the cattle to the village and gave them to the people to eat. The cattle that came to the village were taken to the grazing area and were tied up with Han and Jin.
He is going to take the cattle and bring them here.
If you are in a difficult situation and have to travel far to see the world, go to the city of Changsha. The city is a good place to live, and it is a place where many people have gone to study and work in Xi'an.
The man's arrival brought a lot of joy, and the people rejoiced greatly because they had waited a long time to see him and to hear his voice and to embrace him.
Why did you go to the market and then quickly come back with the money and a small knife?
Go back to your village and tell them that I have returned and am well, and that I am coming back soon.
If you go to France, you will find that the people there are very good and kind.
Muhamad is very good at remembering and reciting, and he is known for his cleverness. He tells the story "Noor" in a way that is easily understood.
He is going to the house of the elder Muhammad now.
Where did you go to visit the Kaaba in Mecca, and what did you gain from the public gathering?
He/She/It walked slowly and deliberately towards the garden, looking at the plants and the fruits on the trees.
He brought the cattle to the grazing area, and they were gathered around the fire to eat.
They said, "The pyramid of Giza is in Egypt, and it is a famous tourist attraction."
The people of the south built a pyramid that was like a boat, and they brought it from Egypt to Jethu.
They are describing "Giza Necropolis" as a place that is very old, with a large number of tombs and structures that are built of stone and have many stories.
The people of the south built a pyramid like the Khufu pyramid, and they gathered around it, and many people came to see its structure.
The man brought the cattle from the market and the man walked with the cattle to the place where they were to be penned and to the place where the animals were to be separated and to the place where they were to be counted.
He/She is very angry, and the young people are afraid of him/her, and they don't dare to approach him/her, and the young people are very afraid of him/her, and they are afraid of him/her (and they fear the power of his/her words, and they are afraid of his/her actions because of what he/she has done).
You should return to the village, for the wild animals are gathering and the people are afraid, and the wild animals are approaching the village.
He is going to give a good gift to the child, and the father will be happy to see his son grow up, and he will be well-fed.
In the year 1789, the people of the south were awakened by the news of the death of Louis XVI and his wife Elizabeth and their daughter Marie Antoinette, and they marched to Versailles to bring them back to Paris.
Go back quickly and tell the elders that I am going to Paris, to find a job and work hard.
Go back to your village when you have finished collecting firewood and bring the cattle and the goats.
He is going to tell the group about the problem that has arisen in the community, and he will go to the chief to discuss it.
Filipo is going to America and the Philippines.
They are going to America and the Philippines to work, and they want to earn money like those who work on Wall Street.
You (people) who live in the north and are known to have been to America, send (some) food.
They are returning from Nhialic to their village, and they are bringing gifts.
The people of the Southwest Dinka migrated to Europe in the 1100s, 1200s, and 1300s (the 1000-1300s were the Jethu period).
Run, chase the cattle towards the sky, and the rain will come and water the grazing land. It is a good sign; you will get 1500 [cattle/livestock].
We are learning about technology and how it is being used to improve the lives of people in the world, using technology to solve problems and to make life easier, and with the help of modern technology that is advancing rapidly.
The people of the southwest are worried because technology is advancing quickly, and technology itself is leading to a lack of respect for elders and the old ways, and the younger generation is becoming arrogant and disrespectful.
Listen, the cattle are being taken to the market to be sold for money.
Go now, the people of the land are gathering at the village and the cattle are being counted by the elders and the people of the village are preparing to go to their grazing lands and to rest.
He will find the path, he will find the place where the water flows across the plains, and the water will flow towards the big lake and then to the south.
Here's the translation of the Southwestern Dinka sentence: They (the people) are looking at the writings of Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel, which are important for learning and understanding the world.
He/She/It returned to the village, bringing news of the good things and expressing joy and happiness with the people.
They have been going to and from the market in Paris and are now going to and from the market in many countries, because they often go to see things in Europe.
It was a small people who lived here and established a settlement around the year 400 A.D., and the population grew to around 1100 A.D.
You have returned the stolen cattle and other possessions that were taken from me by the Byzantine people.
They went to Constantinople and then to Paris, where they had a large meeting.
He spoke of the Gothic, and the people were afraid, for they had seen the destruction of the first time, and the second time, and they feared the time when the enemy comes to the people.
The war has reached the point where the people of the Byzantine kingdom are in a state of siege.
We will return after 25 days or 30 days.
Warriors are going to Europe to fight and bring back valuable goods and weapons.
The person who went to the market brought back beautiful cloths, and they are being sold there. They are all together, and they are being looked at by people who want to buy the cloths.
He returned and brought the cattle, and he was strong and walked to the lake.
He is going to the market to buy clothes and shoes for his children and his family.
He is a great warrior, he is a strong warrior, and he speaks with great courage and bravery.
He is running quickly, and he is looking for his cattle, and he is calling to his relatives and shouting loudly.
Go back and tell your relatives, your friends, your neighbors, and your companions about the news.
He/She returned and brought a good gift of cattle, and also brought a good gift of goats, and also a gift of grains with a lot of millet.
Ken will go to the market to buy clothes for his wife and children, and he will also go to visit his relatives.
Here's the translation of the Southwestern Dinka sentence: "You must go and tell them that the people of the land are suffering and need help (with food and medicine)."
He walked and he spoke, but the words were not good and they brought pain to the heart because of the sorrow.
He is the one who brought the news of the victory and the defeat to the people who were in pain and suffering.
He/She went to the market to buy livestock (and also to sell goods). She/He brought back some grains, and also some firewood. She/He also brought back some meat.
He said that the people of the area were worried about the lack of rain and the resulting difficulties in farming and animal herding.
He is using a computer to write a letter to his friend.
He/She/It returned the computer and the information, and the details were completely different from what was said.
He is learning to use the computer and is studying diligently, and he is able to do things that are difficult for others because he is very clever.
He is the one who gave a great gift of respect and honor to the people of the community, and he was a wise and righteous leader.
He is going to bring the cattle to the market and sell them.
He brought a lot of cattle to the village for the bride price.
He is a man who is strong and has many relatives, and he is a leader among the leaders.
You should return to your village and tell everyone that the fire is burning in the forest.
They are using the internet to communicate with each other and to share information.
The internet is very useful for learning and communicating with people far away.
He said, "The world is changing" and "the way of life is changing with the internet" (James et al., 1995).
"The study of the Southwestern Dinka language, focusing on the verb 'to be' and its various forms, is a challenging task. This research utilizes the data compiled by Eighmey and McCord (1998) to analyze the use of 'to be' in Dinka, exploring its implications for website construction and information retrieval."
He warned that the video was revealing a secret about the upcoming election, and that it could cause conflict between the tribes because of its content.
They are going to the market to buy food and other things for the feast.
Oliver Sacks' book, "The Man Who Mistook His Feet for Feathers," is a fascinating account of people with neurological disorders, presented in a way that is both informative and deeply human.
He is telling the truth that the cattle are being taken away from the people because of a dispute over a herd and the land.
He returned to his village, and the people of the village rejoiced and celebrated with him, and they gave him livestock as a gift.
He is walking to the market to buy clothes.
He said that the people of the area had a serious discussion about the newly arrived cattle.
He is strong and has finished speaking, and he is now looking at the people with respect.
You should return to your home and tell everyone that the good news has arrived and that the people of the government are ready to listen to your complaints.
He is returning with the cattle to his village, and he is carrying them with strength to the market, and he will sell them there.
He brought the cattle to the lake, and we herded the calves and the young ones.
He told me that the people of the village were angry because they had been robbed and their property stolen, and they wanted to pursue the thieves to get back what was taken.
He brought the goats and sheep, and he gave them to me as a gift.
He is good and he wants much of the land to be given to him as a gift.
You should return to the place where you were raised, and you should not abandon your origins, for your ancestors are in the spiritual realm and they are watching over you.
He told me that the cattle are being taken to the market for sale, and they are being kept in a pen for a while before being moved.
You are returning to your village, looking for those who have been scattered and those who have been separated.
You will return to your village and tell everyone about the good news that happened there.
He/She/It returned to the village, and the people were happy, because the cattle were brought back and the herd was taken care of.
The people of the Southwest are learning about Tibetan Buddhism, and they also know about Buddha, the teachings of Mahayana, and Yoga from India.
He believes that Tibetan Buddhism and Kundalini yoga are beneficial for spiritual development and for achieving inner peace.
The spiritual practice of Kundalini Yoga is a way to awaken the Kundalini energy within you and to gain spiritual insight through meditation and chanting.
He said that Tibetan Buddhism and yoga are good for the body and spirit, and that they are beneficial for both the young and the old, and that they bring peace to the heart and mind.
The people of Toton war are scattered, Germany is not there. Go to America and see the ruins of the Soviet Union, and go see the place where they fought and the cakes.
Go back to your village and bring the news to the chief.
He is looking for a place to live because his country is poor, and he is looking for work in Africa, Asia, and the Cubs.
In 1939, the pen on the map showed Poland and the borders of the Soviet Union, and the borders of Kubur with Romania were drawn.
They were once scattered across Poland, experiencing war and displacement, seeking refuge in the Soviet Union and later in Ukraine and Belarus. Some of them then returned from Riga.
He is carrying a large knife and a spear, and he is walking towards the enemy to fight with all his might.
The elder speaks of the hardships of the past, and of the troubles that came with the fighting, and of the suffering and loss that happened to the people.
They came from the forest and the wilderness during the North Atlantic campaign during WWII. America helped them with ships and supplies to cross the Atlantic to Britain and beyond.
The people of the south are fleeing, seeking refuge in Germany and they are looking for a place to live because of the submarines.
The Allies won the war, and Germany and Britain were defeated and forced to give way to the forces of the Soviet Union along Europe.
He/She/It traveled from the south, passing through the mountains, to the Zagros region in Iran.
The buffalo are running across the plain, chasing the cattle, and the people are following them to the grazing land.
He is angry and saddened because his family and friends do not care for him or visit him. He feels that his family is abandoning him and that they don't respect him, and he is sad because his family has forgotten about him. He is longing for a person to care for him.
The people of the south went to England during the 16th century.
He is gathering cattle and goats, and he is looking for people to take the livestock to the market to sell them for money, and he is asking for help from his relatives and friends to bring the cattle and goats to the market quickly to get good prices.
He went to the market to buy iron for his weapon. Also, his father used to live in a settlement near the iron ore.
He is carrying a stick, but when the iron touches the fire, he quickly takes it away.
He is angry, and his heart is troubled and his spirit is weary. He is constantly seeking to make things difficult for others, always wanting to be the best.
The strong man gave a big animal to the chief, and the chief gave the animal to the people, and the people ran to the cave where they found the bones of Homo Erectus (who lived and ate in the cave).
The child is tall and strong, like the Australopithecus who walked upright and was very wise.
"Around 4.2-3.9 million years ago, Australopithecus, as well as Sahelanthropus, lived in the same area and were the earliest hominins."
He brought the book to the house and said, "He brought the book to the house yesterday, and he read the book and wrote a letter to the chief, and he went to the market and bought cattle and sheep."
It is difficult to translate this passage with absolute certainty without more context, but here's a possible translation: "He/She/It is very angry because of the problem and feels deeply hurt. However, he/she/it doesn't want to reveal the matter to anyone, and the matter remains hidden, like a secret inside the heart."
The people of the south are building houses and using technology to make their lives easier, and they are also building schools and hospitals to improve their health and well-being.
Southwestern Dinka: The people were very angry and complained to Congress through letters, and they also complained to Congress about the printing of the Declaration of Independence by John Hancock and Charles Thompson, and they also complained to John Dunlap, the printer.
The man's house, which is between 150 and 200 kilometers from here, is a settlement, and it is called "Dunlap broadsides."
The people are coming and going, and many are going to see John Nixon at the Independence Hall to get their documents and receive their share of the money.
The people here are talking about George Washington; they say he was a good leader, and he traveled to New York and was seen there. They also say that he was a wise man and went to London and was seen there.
Dunlap sent broadsides, saying that the people of the Southern Dinka are very angry and want to fight, and the war is approaching. The people of Warang are worried about the future.
Paleontologists are searching for and finding bones of dinosaurs and fossils in the ground. They are very happy about it.
The strong one is in the land where there were dinosaurs and the earth was hot and there was a herd.
But don't you think it's strange that the children like dinosaurs?
He is very strong and fast, he is a hunter, and he is powerful like the T-Rex.
The computer is able to perform calculations of very large numbers and can represent them using binary numbers.
Binary numbers are made up of 0 or 1, and these digits – or bits – are how computers work.
They are taking the cattle to the market, and they are looking for a good price to sell them. They say the price is high, but we are worried that the cattle will be stolen and taken away.
The water in the river is not clean anymore because of the waste and chemicals from the factory.
He/She/It went to the market to buy cattle and to sell goats.
You are welcome to return and ask for more.
The water is not enough and the cattle are not grazing or eating, and the people are suffering from hunger.
He/She/It was carrying a spear and a knife, and he/she/it was also carrying a shield and a bow with a quiver of arrows.
People are going to the United States of America because there are 400,000 cases of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), which is a disease that affects the nervous system and can cause paralysis and death.
He is walking towards the cattle camp, and he is carrying a spear and a knife, and he will herd the cattle again after he has looked after them.
The old man walked slowly to the river to fetch water for drinking and for washing clothes.
He/She went to the market to buy vegetables and fruits, and he/she did not find anything to eat, and he/she was hungry.
He/She/It went to the market to buy food and other things for the family.
They are walking, the cattle are following the man towards the grazing area, and the people are watching them as they go to the grazing place to look after the cattle.
You have gone to the market and you brought meat and other things; the market was crowded and people were buying and selling very busily. The market was full of people and noise, and they were all busy buying and selling things.
He is a good man, and he is a person who does not like to be seen or known by others, but he is a man of high status, and he is very wise and often uses his intelligence to solve problems.
The people of the southwestern Dinka speak a language that is related to the Dinka language and is written using the Latin alphabet.
He said that the problem of the soul is not something that can be easily understood or solved, and it is a question that has been debated by many thinkers before him.
He is a skilled man, like a Greek doctor, who carefully attends to the sick and supports them with medicine and food, and he works diligently to heal them.
He said that the people of the south are deeply troubled because of the conflict, and they are struggling with poverty, lack of food, and the spread of disease, and they are suffering greatly from the displacement and loss of their homes and land, and they are yearning for a peaceful and prosperous future.
The man was angry about the cattle, and his heart was worried about the loss of the herd, and the cattle were scattered in the pasture, and there were many bacteria in the water, and they were sick, and died.
He is sitting, looking at the cattle, and the children are running around the area, chasing the cattle and joyfully playing with them.
The family of Hershey and Chase is searching for a cure for the genetic disease that is causing their relatives to die.
She says that the sun makes the plants and animals, like bacteria or viruses, reproduce and transmit DNA and other hereditary information, constantly and continuously, or through the air.
The land is damaged by the coming of the DNA that causes disease and also the radio-active phosphorus or the radio-active sulfur that burns and destroys.
The cow's DNA and the sheep's DNA are not the same, and they are different from the DNA of a person, but they are similar to the DNA of the same species, and the sheep's DNA is similar to the cow's DNA, and the sheep's gene is similar to the gene in the cells of the same species.
The genetic material (DNA) within the body can be damaged and cause diseases like cancer, which can be treated with medication.
He is looking for the lost cow, and the cow is grazing in the pasture and the herd is grazing in the grazing area, but he is sad because he has no food.
He is determined to go back to his village, to his family, to his cattle, and to his land, and he is looking for a place to settle down and build a home.
The people of the south are going to the market, and they are buying meat and fish to eat, like the orangutans that live in Borneo.
He was angry, and the situation became difficult because of the argument between the two families, and the argument led to a fight that caused losses and destroyed property, and the argument ended with the families returning to their homes.
He brought the cattle to the market, and they were bought, and there was a lot of money for the cattle, and for the goods, and the merchants were happy and satisfied, and the cattle were taken to the market and sold for a good price.
The elder is gathering people in the village to discuss the problem of the stolen cattle and the destruction of the grazing lands, and they are looking for the people who took the cattle and destroyed the land, and they want to punish them according to the custom of our ancestors, and they are urging the youth to go and find them and bring them back to face justice.
The rain has fallen and the sun has come out, and the earth is now very hot. The sun has shone for a long time and the earth is dry.
The water is flowing in the river, it is a big river that is moving towards the lake and the lake is wide and the water is full of fish.
Are you going to eat the meat and drink beer, and are you going to go to the market to buy clothes? And will you go to the house to collect firewood? And will you go to the water to fetch water?
He is very happy that his father has given him a cow, and he is also happy that his father has given him some goats, and he is grateful for the gift and always remembers his father.
He says that the cattle are dying from thirst, and the people are suffering greatly because of the lack of water for their cattle and for themselves.
He is a great man, and he is strong and respected by his people; he is a good leader and he brings peace to the people by keeping the law and doing good things for the community.
Go now, you are responsible for the burden of the people, and you are the one who will be judged according to your deeds: (1) Be warned, (2) be careful, and (3) be diligent.
He is coming to look for me and my family, and he will bring us gifts and be with us.
He is very angry that his family is taking away his cattle and other possessions, and he is worried that they will destroy his home and everything he has built.
He/She/It went to the market to buy a cow and a sheep for the wedding.
He has taken the cattle to the market to sell them.
Yaköl, there are many dragonflies and mayflies in the water.
The sun rises in the east, and the planets revolve around the Sun, which is in the Solar System.
The sun is very hot, and the days are long because the sun is far away; the Solar System is very big, and it has many stars (which are like the sun).
Are you going to the market, or are you going to the city, or to the town?
Amazon is a big area, and the people in it are very happy. We have completed 8 cycles and are now starting a new cycle.
The Amazon is very far from here, it is hundreds of miles away.
Twenty boats and many people were traveling on the river, and they were going to the Amazon.
Amazon is a large river, 6,387 (3,980 miles) long. It flows through the forest.
The sun is setting over the pyramid, the people are gathering to worship and celebrate, like the pyramids of Giza have stood for a long time.
They went to Egypt and returned, and they brought gifts from there.
The price is 800. The market is available for both purchasing and selling livestock.
He went to Italy and met with the people.
The Italian people are very pleased with the support they receive from the state, and they are also grateful for the help they get from Latin, which is a valuable thing for them.
He/She goes to Vatican and is Roman Catholic.
The earth contains chemical elements like gold, silver, and copper in the ground, and these are found in deposits that are exploited through digging and processing to obtain them.
Aristotle, the philosopher, was very wise and understood the elements of the universe. He was skilled in reasoning, logic, and debate.
Solid, liquid, air, and plasma are the components of the universe, and they are all created by fire and water.
The earth is a collection of elements that are present in the periodic table.
Elements of calcium and potassium are abundant. Furthermore, there are deposits of silver and copper.
The land has many minerals, specifically those elements that are essential for carbon-based life.
The water is very important for the growth of the body. The body is made up of small things called atoms.
Atoms are very small, but there are trillions of them, and they are what make up everything we see and touch.
"The pencil and the pen are used to write letters and documents."
Arac, you are very wise; you are like a pencil, writing words that are not easily erased.
He/She/It is using a computer to make things that are beautiful and impressive.
He is teaching me how to use the keyboard and I am learning to type.
Fission bombs release energy by splitting a nucleus into smaller parts, involving protons and neutrons.
He asked if the nucleus of the cow was available for eating.
Atoms are very small particles that make up matter.
It is hot and the sun is shining, it is cold and the crust is cracking.
The crust of the bread lasts 70 days, and the rest lasts 100 days.
The people of the highlands are returning.
He told Maria that the hunting was good and that the people were happy. And he returned with a gift for the children.
He brought the goats and cattle to the market to sell.
He/She went to the market to buy food and other things, and he/she brought some food back.
He is looking for someone to help him, and he wants to be with them and be with them and be with them in the daytime and he wants to be with them and be with them in the night.
The principles of Maslow's Hierarchy and Herzberg's two-factor theory are relevant to leadership.
Okay, here's the English translation of the Southwestern Dinka sentence: "Go back, the people are gathering at the place of the ancestors, and they are preparing a ceremony. They say, "This is the place of the ancestors" (it is sacred)."
He was walking slowly and looking back as if he wanted to return, but he didn’t return, he was angry, he was worried, and he kept looking for the right path.
He is tired, and his body aches from the long journey and the hard work, and his feet are sore from walking.
Yes, you are coming to the big house, and you will be well received.
He/She is going to the market to buy something.
The cattle are being taken to the market with the goats and sheep, and they are being sold for money and things of value, and the profits are being shared among the relatives.
The man is going to see his father and mother.
The children are playing with the sticks, they are playing with the sticks and they are asking for more sticks because they are using the sticks to make a fence.
He said, "The land is for the people." And the people gathered to discuss the land.
"The child is singing. The child often sings and plays with his friends and laughs a lot. The child is also very good at mimicking sounds."
Why did you bring the cattle to the market and exchange them for goats and a small amount of sorghum? And what happened to the remaining cattle that were with you?
The elder is sitting and talking about the cattle, and the young people are looking at the herd of cattle.
Okay, here's the English translation of the Southwestern Dinka sentence: "Listen, the people have come to ask for a share of the cattle, and they are asking for a portion of the herd to be given to them, so they can have a place to graze their cattle and a place to drink water."
The man strongly desires to go, but he is worried about the road being long and difficult, and about the journey being arduous and tiring.
Angel (2006) states that the problem of conflict is caused by the lack of understanding between people.
The neurobiological study shows that the connection between the brain and the body is very strong and affects the senses. Research indicates that there is a link between the brain and the senses.
The Southwestern Dinka people are conducting research to understand the impact of climate change on water resources.
They are gathering there in the bush to hunt for wild game and to search for water and food for their livestock.
People are using technologies to read books and learn, and this is helping to spread knowledge across the country.
He/She/It went to the market and bought a book, and then went to the house to read it.
The future is not just about AI and science fiction, but also about its connection to computer science, its impact on behavior, and machine intelligence.
Research AI is helping to make machines capable of automating tasks.
He/She/It went to the market to buy something, but because of the difficulty of finding things, they received many diagnoses and treatments, but they are still sick and weak.
He asked me to go and fetch the cattle, and I went to the grazing area.
AI system is helping with economics, medicine, engineering, and other fields, and also with computer and video game software applications.
He brought the book to the classroom. He quickly told his classmates that the teacher had given them a test.
Technology has brought many things to our village. These include museum artifacts, and also an aquarium, and also contemporary art that is new to us.
He is angry that his father has not given him a cow and he is worried because his family is struggling.
Greetings, I am looking for information about Bennet School in North Carolina. I want to find its website to see the details of the State Capital, and also find other versions of the website that are available online for people who want to learn more.
Blogs are a good way to share information and to learn about grammar and writing, because they can help people understand different perspectives and experiences.
He/She/It is in the process of being told about the good news, and the blog is being used to share information about the disease.
Aya is blogging about the struggle of the people of the Dinka in the face of hardship and the loss of their land. (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is good for me, and it helps me share my thoughts and experiences with others through writing and sharing on the internet.
Gam likes blogs because they provide a way to share information and connect with people through the internet, which has become a powerful tool for learning and accessing knowledge, even in remote areas (Oravec, 2002).
Ottawa is a beautiful place, and it is the capital of Canada, which has many art galleries and museums and other attractions in Canada.
The water flows powerfully like Niagara Falls, and it rushes like a river in Muskoka, and it is very cold.
They are going to the place where the white people of Ontario and the Canadian people live.
The person who went to the market and bought a lot of clothes and shoes is coming with a gift.
The people of the south are always talking about the world: They talk about the world of America, America is where they talk about Canada.
Hey, the people of the East African, war with the Indians, along the ten of Africa.
Madagascar is a land of great beauty, and its people are strong and live in peace.
He returned with the cattle and other things to the village, and then went to France, and then studied at university, and became a teacher.
Arabs have brought Islam to the region, and it has spread to Comoros and Mayotte.
European ships sailed with the help of the wind around Cape of Good Hope in the 15th century, when the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama traveled from Europe to India.
The cattle graze in the Sahel and also graze in the Atlantic Ocean.
Diär says: It is good that you are here, and that you have come with the cattle, and that you are coming to this place, and the people are waiting anxiously.
He is preparing to go to the market (because he has a lot of money).
He is going to bring the cattle from the market, he will give them to the people, and then he will eat and sleep.
He is very angry and crying, because he has lost his cattle and his family (the cattle are gone, and the family is in pain!).
The people of Casablanca were Berber, and they were present in the 10th century BCE. They traded with the Phoenicians, Romans, and Merenids, and their influence extended to Anfa.
The Portuguese racu, but located in CasaBranca, where the first white man lived in 1755.
They went from Morocco, stopping in Jerusalem and then to the Desert of the Early, and then to Spain, where they stayed in Casablanca.
Casablanca is a thin path near Morocco, it is.
The people of Medina are migrating and going to Morocco, seeking food, water, shelter, and medicine, because the cattle are dying from the drought.
The problem in the Democratic Republic of Congo is causing difficulties for those fleeing to Rwanda.
In 2002, the population of Goma increased significantly due to the conflict in Nyiragongo, and many people fled to their homes.
The rains are falling on the earth, and the animals are running to the village because they are afraid of the heavy rain that has been falling for a long time and is causing flooding along the Kivu.
The people of the southwest Dinka region have suffered greatly, and they are suffering from poverty and lack of food, and they are suffering from conflict, and they are like the Mountain Gorilla who is in danger in Africa.
He/She/It went to Goma by motorcycle taxi and it cost approximately 500 Congolese Francs.
He said, "Timbuktu" is a place of great wealth and people, a very good place.
Yakol, Timbuktu is a place of great importance, where people come from far and wide to seek knowledge and wisdom, and to learn from the elders.
In 1990, the floodwaters covered the entire land and destroyed many cattle, and it caused great sorrow.
You are welcome to return to see the day that Henry Louis Gates speaks about the history of Africans.
He said that the people of the town came from the north and the south, and that they had knowledge of Arabic and African.
Kruger National Park (KNP) is located in southern Africa, bordering Mozambique to the east, Zimbabwe to the north, and is a region of war-torn countries.
Park is located 19,500 kilometers from the capital, and has 14 villages with a total population of 2,400 people.
Ayen went to visit and see the wildlife in South Africa with his family at South African National Parks (SANParks).
They are going to the South in Southern Africa to look for cattle and to find water.
They are gathering and discussing matters of the heart, and they want to go to South Africa from [their] area, and to be among South Africans in [their] country.
They are going to Hong Kong to seek education and to study in the university.
Akut traveled to Hong Kong and saw a bar chart showing the most beautiful view of the harbor of Wanh/Mina Victoria.
He went to Hong Kong, where he saw many people and things, especially in Kowloon.
You have gone to Hong Kong and are living there with your relatives and family.
He [the person] went to Britain to study and learned a lot, and he [the person] had a good education.
The Sundarbans, a littoral mangrove belt, is a key (or important) location, approximately 80 kilometers from the Bangladeshi and Indian hinterlands.
The Sundarbans, which are located in the Kä Thɛɛr Yiny region and are a UNESCO World Heritage site, are in India and are known as Sundarbans National Park.
The mangrove is strong, but its roots are weak and easily broken by the floodwaters of the Gangetic plain.
Sundarbans is a place where people live and have a population of 3,850, and they speak the Akiciin language.
In 1966, Sundarbans was a place where there were approximately 400 Royal Bengal tigers and about 30,000 kilometers of dense forest.
The fighting/war happened in the morning, and it continued, so they traveled along the road to Jakar/Bumthang between 6:30 AM and 7:30 AM.
When the rain falls on the bare earth and the grass is green, the cattle are happy and eat grass readily.
He is very good at Japanese, and he is also good at other languages.
They [the people] have gone from the village to the market, specifically to Paro (No. 150) and Punakha (No. 200).
The people of Oyapock and the people of the region are good at burying. Oyapock is located in the Geth region of Brazil, and also in Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock, French Guiana, and is known for its wildlife.
The total amount is 83 [currency unit], and the remaining amount is 378 [currency unit] plus 3.50 [currency unit] for transport.
He is a very small child who is 15. He (Bildït) gave me a book in 2011, and he (Akɔnydït) established a clinic in 2017.
In the year 2017, the government of the South Sudanese diaspora established a representative office in Brazil.
The people of Paraguay are very happy and grateful for the help they received from the South.
The people of Chaco are located between the Guaycurú and Payaguá, and they are known for their strength and courage.
In the 16th century, Paraguay was called the "New Indies," and it was conquered and colonized by the Spanish.
The Spaniards are still searching for a place to build a boat and leave.
In 1537, Asunción, Paraguay, was founded by the people who came with the soldiers.
Argentina is a country with a very beautiful polo field and many people.
You should return to Könpïu, and then go to Las Cañitas.
He/She/It returned and brought the cattle from the market to the village.
You are welcome to come and see the beautiful and strong wrestling, which is a competition of skill and strength, like the polo in Argentina.
We are selling Falkland pounds (FKP) and converting them to British pounds (GBP).
We are going to the bank to deposit Stanley's money, which is for the FIC, and also to get some change.
The person is asking for help to return British pounds and American dollars, using Stanley credit cards.
They are accepting credit cards and other means of payment using British and American currency; the money is exchanged at the exchange bureau and then given to the buyer.
The war in the Falklands currency is a problem; it makes it difficult to exchange money and buy goods.
It is hot in Montevideo along the 24th parallel, and the wind is strong, blowing along the Lany Cuëëc and carrying the dust.
Garden of Unity. This happened on the 17th of August, at the San Diego Temple, and the blessed work was completed.
The sun is setting: the color of the sky is red, and the heat is so intense that the thermometer reads a high temperature.
He said, "The cow and the bull are strong and have given birth."
He went to the park to play with his friends, and they played together happily and enjoyed themselves.
The child is going to the park, and they will have 100 chickens and 25 cows to eat!
The bull is moving towards the forest, near the river, and the market, and the chief, and they are carrying it with a strong desire for wealth.
You are strong, the world is dark and scary, and things are happening quickly. Listen, be careful, and be watchful, for the enemy is near.
He took the cattle, and the people followed him to the cattle camp, and they were looking for their cattle and were scattering around the camp.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. The population of Upolu is approximately 40,000.
Apia was the capital of Samoa in 1850 and became a UN member in 1959.
In the harbor, a naval standoff occurred in 1889 during the war between the Dinka and Germany, America, and Britain built harbor facilities.
The wind was blowing strongly, and it reached the British cruiser. It carried 200 soldiers from America and Germany.
The people of Mau Mau are sad and worried, and their hardship is known to Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III. They are suffering.
They are returning to the town, and they will come to Auckland, which has beautiful harbors. They will build a house and live there.
The war in North Harbour district, which is near Pacific War and the Mïnë Bay, has reached Devonport.
He/She/It has finished building a fence and now is gathering firewood to cook.
The traveler reached Tamaki at Waitemata Harbour, then went to Mission Bay and St Heliers, which are suburbs of Auckland.
He/She/It brought the goats from the market and the sheep were sold for money. It is good.
I am going to the market to buy a chicken, and I will also buy some sugar to eat with it. I am also going to call "Manta" at that time.
The people of the south are going to France, then to New Zealand and Australia to study.
You should return to the village, and the elders will welcome you with joy and celebrate your arrival.
They went to Australia, and they built a big house there. They drink coffee and 'espresso', cappuccino, and they add cream (it is delicious), and they also drink juice.
Chocolate is the thing that I like most, it is Belgian. I will go to the market to buy it.
He is looking for a good place to live, and he says that the place is suitable for settling down.
Return now, and you will see the strength of the enemy, for it will soon destroy the people and their possessions.
The box, which was brought by the war and the people of Lal leer Akänythii, was found in 1770. And the people who came later had a hard time.
Sharks are in the water, they are hunting for food. Sharks are hunting with their teeth.
The man is walking very fast, and he is going to the rock near Rockhampton.
The leader of the Dinka people has returned from the war, bringing news of victory and peace to the people, and he will be welcomed with celebration and joy.
The rain is falling heavily, and we are going to stay in hotels, or we will camp, and we will sleep in tents. We are going camping.
He gave a lot of food to the people, and the people were happy and grateful, and they celebrated with singing and dancing.
He/She/It is going to go to the market to buy a goat (to give) as a gift (very good).
He went to the market to buy food and drinks for the guests at the hotel.
The elder is walking, the cattle are grazing in the camp, and the people are looking for water to drink, because they have no water left in the well.
He/She/It went to the market to buy food and then went to the camp to eat.
The man brought the cattle to the market, and the people there were happy because they got a good price.
He/She/It is very happy and gives thanks for the good things that have happened.
He went to the Baltic region, and went to the cabin, and then he went to eat and drink at the neighboring house.
Saint Petersburg cruises are good and enjoyable. They are also a good opportunity to get a visa (it's easy).
Casinos are a place where people go to gamble and spend money. They are like clocks, and the outcome is uncertain.
The water is flowing, and the birds are singing, the fish are jumping in the river, and the children are playing with their toys.
He/She/It brings the firewood and is carrying it. Then, the child is going to the market, and the child will buy something with the money from the market.
The people have gone to the north because of the cold, which is snow, ice, and frozen water.
The road is snowy, the grassland is wet with rain and the dust is a muddy, slippery path.
Blizzards are coming, the snow is falling heavily and the wind is strong, and the rain will not stop for a long time.
The big white snow fell and covered the earth, and the dry wind blew strongly through the tall grass.
When the sun sets, the cold wind and snow blow strongly, and the animals and birds gather and find shelter together.
Safaris are the main source of tourism in Africa and generate a lot of income.
The people of the south went on a safari and saw many animals in the forest and in the African savanna.
Go back, my brother, the cattle are in the pasture and the children are grazing around the water source, and they are enjoying themselves.
Binoculars, those that are used to see far, are a good thing to have when you are hunting.
The cat is hunting (it) but it is not catching anything, and the cat is looking for food, but it has no food.
Paralympics will be held on August 24th, 2021. The event will take place in Japan.
Tokyo hosted the Summer Olympics in Asia, specifically in 1964.
They traveled from their home to the market and experienced a difficult situation in 2020 because of the war, and they were suffering from hunger.
The rain is falling heavily, and the suffering from the coronavirus since the World Health Organization declared it in 2020, it caused the Olympics to be postponed.
Yes, I have tickets for flights to and from Juba for $2,500 and $130,000, but the return tickets are only $7,000.
He brought the cattle and goats to the village. They are looking for grazing land for the cattle and goats, and they are searching for a place to rest from the sun.
He is walking slowly, and he is carrying his clothes and a bag, because he has a hairdryer, and he is getting ready.
You are a good person; you are known for your kindness, and people praise you, even in your absence.
He/She/It is going to the market to buy clothes, and then will go to the city.
The cattle are running to the water and drinking, and the cattle are drinking water.
You are returning to your village, and you are walking with your cattle, and you are saying that you will go to the grazing land to graze your cattle.
The chicken is running towards the grazing land to eat grass.
He brought the cattle, the goats, and he drove them to the grazing area, he separated the calves from the cows, and he took them away.
You are looking for a woman, and she is fast and beautiful, and she is a good wife.
He is going to the market to buy some food for his family and to sell some of what he brought.
He/She/It brought the goats and cattle to the village, and now we are eating them.
The road is coming from Marion through Fairmont and along the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway, and it is very bumpy for vehicles.
You are doing well in school, you are striving for success: grades are good, paths are clear, and you are working hard to achieve your goals.
Speed limits are 35 to 40 mph (56 to 64 km/h) — and drivers must wear seatbelts.
Okay, here's the translation of the Southwestern Dinka sentence: Okay, I'm returning to the United States. I'm going to Pennsylvania.
Pastries are German food, they are from Bavaria, a place where the cow was born, a place where the people of the tribe were sent, Austria.
Pastries are delicious, and apples are good with pastries; also with cherries and plums, they are very tasty.
They brought from Germany almonds, hazelnuts, and flour for making cakes, which they baked and sold.
They enjoy pastries with tea and coffee, like Berliner, Pfannkuchen, and Krapfen.
Curry and my friend went to the market and bought food.
Curry, I ask you to give the iron and the leather and the cattle as compensation.
People living in India and Pakistan eat a lot of curries; India and the people of the north have a lot of rice, and they eat it with their hands.
On the 17th of July, we held a gathering with Indonesian and Kenyan cuisines and a musical performance.
Go, the rain has come and the earth is wet, and the clouds are gathered and the sky is dark like the Java mountains.
They say that the archipelago cuisine is a mix of Javanese flavors, with peanuts, chillies, a special Javanese fermented locust paste (aŋöŋ), and a type of fermented grain called kɔ̈k path thät.
Stirrups are the ropes that hold the saddle.
He/She/It sent the cattle to the market, and the cattle were sold for a good price, and the money was used to buy goats and sheep.
He is walking to the market carrying a stick and a knife, and he is carrying a bundle of firewood. He is going to the town, carrying a load of firewood.
You, the people of the south, are restless, always moving from place to place, and you are very troubled, and you are fighting.
Alright, here's the translation of the Southwestern Dinka sentence: "The man, with his saddle, fixed the English saddle, and using the stirrup to hold the saddle, he stood up and took it to the cattle camp."
We went to Cochamó - we saw the path to Chile, and we saw the Yosemite Valley in America with its granite cliffs and forests.
He/She/It is a good path to follow. The people have a lot of problems and are suffering because of the fighting between tribes.
People in the south enjoy snow sports, specifically skiing and snowboarding, and they go to the snowy mountains to use skis and snowboards and have fun.
Skiing is a difficult thing for you, my children, they call you "ski bums," but you are good at skiing.
Kenë was skiing there—the ancestors of the Dinka were skilled skiers who traveled to the area and built a town around 5000 BC!
In the 17th century, people were already skiing, and in 1861, a ski club was founded in the village, which sent people to Norway and Australia.
Mukmuk is going to the market to buy a goat: He is going to the market to get a goat, and they will go hiking.
They are going to ski in the alpine style, wearing skis and boots.
He likes skiing and hiking.
The rain has stopped and the sun is shining, so we can go skiing. The tracks are good and we can ski on them.
Europe is far, and it is difficult to travel there. The road is long, and it is difficult to get a visa and passport to travel to Europe.
Schengen zone, it is, the government is looking for a way to deal with the problems.
They are going to the market to buy goods, and they will also bring back iron and tools for the community.
Okay, here's the translation of the Southwestern Dinka sentence to English: "Go now, because you need a Schengen visa, and you want to apply for visas to travel to Schengen countries, and you will have a good journey, and you will be successful."
The old man said that the road is very far and difficult, and it is not easy to travel. The village is full of people who are running to and from the antiques.
The rain has stopped in the morning and in the afternoon, and now it is raining again in the area of the cities of America and Europe.
You have returned the antiques, and now you are coming to visit.
The reindeer are moving towards the Sami people, following the path of the reindeer that are already grazing.
He went to the market, he bought many reindeer, and he took them to the forest, and he built a fence, so the reindeer could graze.
The elder's spirit/soul has gone to the ancestral lands and is at rest. The spirit/soul of the deceased is truly well in Sápmi, it is Sápmi.
The sun is shining brightly, and the people who are called Romani, or "Gypsy," are often treated with prejudice and discrimination because of their Romani identity.
He/She/It brought the documents to the office and presented them to the health insurance company for approval to cover the expenses.
You have gone to the market to buy goods and you are going to the city, and you will find many people there.
They say that America and the Middle East are far away, as are Europe and the Arabs.
He asked me to come and say hello to the people at the market, and to fetch some things from the store.
He went to the market to buy a cow, and he walked back carrying the cow.
Aliir is now with you, Aliir is also with you, and the people are gathered, and they are eating and drinking, and they are happy.
Aliir and his group went to the market to buy goods, and they traveled to the place where the goods were stored, and they were happy, and Aliir was happy too.
You are welcome, father, my children, and the people of the white cattle, and the cattle are good, abundant, and the water is clear, and you are welcome.
Aliir arrived during blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms, and heavy rain.
He asked if the cattle were taken to the market and if they were sold for money, and if the money was used to buy something else.
He is going to fetch water from the well with his child.
Go online to find new information.
He/She/It went to the market to buy clothes and came back.
Piöc aya nïn ka 2 ku 5 ku aleŋic käŋ thuëëc, kek piöc kuɔɔny tueŋ (first aid) ku tɛ̈ dɛ̈t piöc dhɛŋ. This translates to: "The first aid kit contains 2 and 5 of various bandages, and also has a first aid manual and sterile bandages."
He asked his brother, “Why do you always look at me and smile, and then you hide your face?”
The travelers saw the market, and the market was very crowded with people.
They are carrying documents, specifically passports, and they are going to the border with X, and they are taking the documents with them and will return with them and with the documents.
The child is carrying a stick and walking quickly.
Go away, evil spirit, you are a curse and a great disaster on Earth, on July 11, 2001.
The people are gathering/coming together because of the scanners and the things they are looking for.
Rip currents are strong and dangerous, and the reef is very close.
He is going to the market to buy food, and now he is going to the market for food.
The chief asked the people to bring the cattle they had taken from the grazing land, and they returned them.
The rain is coming with current electricity, and it will cause a power outage (hopefully).
They are going to bring the cattle to the market, they will sell them, and they will give the money to their families.
He brought the wedding gift, and now he is going to the honeymoon.
He said that the cattle are being taken away from the people and given to the government, and the government is giving the cattle to the people.
You have gone to the market and you have bought clothes for yourself and for your family, and you have also bought food for your family.
The war has ended, and the people are now returning to their villages, carrying their belongings and their livestock, and they are seeking to rebuild their lives and their villages in their ancestral lands.
He/She/It took the cattle to the market and sold them for money, and now is suffering greatly because of it.
The sun has set and the darkness has come, and the stars are appearing in the night sky.
They are building pyramids in the land, and the people are gathering to watch the ceremony.
You are going to the cattle camp to look for your cattle and to take care of them. They are looking for the children who are playing.
The sphinx is very strong and it can defeat anyone with its power.
The people of the south are building pyramids, and the pyramids are causing a lot of noise.
Shetland Islands were colonized, in 1819, and became a British possession, until the end of 2020.
The archipelago of Mitir, 120 islands, is a peninsula. It is near King George Island and the Villa Las Estrellas.
Livingston Island, and Deception Island, are known for their caldera volcanoes that are still active and have recently erupted.
Piny Ellsworth is a place near the Bellingshausen Sea on the Peninsula.
On the Kur Peninsula, there is a plateau where the rot mat (likely referring to a specific geological feature or type of land) is 360 Kur Ellsworth, which is the Minnesota Glacier.
The highest peak in the Sentinel Range is Antarctica, Vinson Massif, with a height of 4892 meters at Vinson.
He is collecting firewood, and he is carrying firewood to the satellite center.
The satellite is a very mobile thing; it travels from place to place and is always connected to the satellite in the sky.
Service is available for shipping, and the path is clear, and you can access data and information.
The service provider is fulfilling their obligation to you, and you are very pleased with it.
You are returning home after a long journey and you are happy to be with your family.
He took the cattle and goats to the market, and he was happy to see the crowd gather there, because the price of cattle was good.
You are tired, but the work of gathering firewood and carrying water is hard for you to do alone.
He is going to meet the chief at the market.
Finland is a pan of the lakes. A group of islands are, which are coastal archipelagos.
Archipelagos are islands in the water and are beautiful.
The sun rises over the coastal archipelagos and the waters are calm, the fish are abundant, and the fishermen travel by kayak along the path.
The people are going to live in Finland, but they also want to study and work.
He/She went to Norway, Sweden, and New Zealand, and also traveled (or went) elsewhere (referring to the Netherlands, as a cultural custom/tradition).
Ka loi thok Baltic Cruises a rëër apɛi tenë St. Petersburg, Russia. Return only the translated sentence. Baltic Cruises is returning to St. Petersburg, Russia.
He brought the cattle and goats from the market to our village and gave them to me.
The man walked to the river and sat by the water to wash his clothes (Cemenë 2009).
Cruises are offered at the airport in Berlin, Germany. You can find a map of Berlin and the cruise companies at the airport, which is a place where cruises are available.
He/She/It asked if they were going to the market to buy things, and if they were going to the market to sell things, because they were going to the market to get food and clothes.
The people are gathering in the village: they are coming from far away and they are coming with their belongings and are coming with their cattle.
It is good, but the path is long and the people are weary, and the people of the land are suffering because of the lack of rain and the fields are barren and the cattle are dying from hunger.
Courier companies are bringing packages to the city and are delivering them. Sometimes, they are strong and carry goods like merchants, and they are known for their speed and efficiency in delivering items quickly.
He brought the cattle, and the goats came to eat grass, and he took the cattle with the goats to the pasture.
He brought the goats to the school for school.
The young man is walking and he is going to the market to buy iron, and he is carrying a spear. The tall trees are standing in the market and they are very strong.
He is going to the market to buy cattle and goats, and he will also sell some of the livestock to get money for his family (you know, really, he is working hard to provide for his family).
Listen, the cattle are in the grazing area: they are very strong and are now eating grass and seeking water, and they are looking for their herd and calling out to each other!
Go, and bring the news of the victory to the people of the village, and tell A leer B.
Airlines are very expensive; the price of a plane ticket is 2000 dollars, and the cost of the seat itself is very expensive.
Chișinău is the capital of Moldova. They speak Romanian, and Russian is also understood.
Moldova is a country in Europe.
Ruön in 1994, they went to fight in Transnistria Republic of Moldova, and they established a refugee camp with the help of the UN.
Economic hardship is widespread and has led to many people leaving South Sudan to seek a better life in Moldova.
Akut Nhialic lives in Moldova and is Orthodox Christian.
About 3.7 million people from İzmir, particularly from the region of Turkey, have returned. A large number also returned through the port of Istanbul, and they are seeking a better life.
You know that place there, Smyrna, my son, my brother, and the people there are very rich, they gather wealth and the land is full of good rain.
Boulevards stretch far, the earth is dry with dust and the smell of incense and fragrant spices, and it is the 18th century, with mosques there in Nhiälic, which gives the place an atmosphere like Mediterranean Europe and Turkey.
The people of Haldarsvík have come from the north and south, and the people of Nhiälic have returned to their homes.
He is strong and courageous, but he is not able to fight and defend his people.
He/She/It is coming with me and my family.
The community has been greatly affected by the loss of loved ones and is seeking solace and guidance in the teachings of Lord Byron.
Thurumbil Scotturb 403 arrived at Sintra, where the water meets Cabo da Roca.
Our Lady of Fatima (the one who appeared), and the Marian apparitions that have happened.
He said that the cattle were taken away by the enemy, and the cattle were given to the chief as a sign of respect.
The people are looking at the white cloths with longing and desire, and they are longing for the white cloths like the Jews long for the Torah and the Jews long for the scriptures.
The people are going to the market to buy clothes, and they are going with their children. They remember the suffering of the Holocaust by the Nazis.
The youth are writing and drawing graffiti on the walls.
He/She speaks Catalan and Spanish from Barcelona. He/She is a Catalan, he/she speaks it fluently, and he/she is also proficient in Spanish.
Okay, here's the translation of the Southwestern Dinka sentence: "Go now, because the world is looking at the world and the people of Catalan and the whole world are watching and saying that it is a good thing for them to be together."
Hey everyone, the Spanish people have come and are now collecting cattle and other possessions.
Southwestern Dinka: Can you tell me where to find the Catalan, German, and English metro, because the current system only has information in Spanish, English, French, Arabic, and Japanese.
Parisians are not strong, they are weak and have no power.
They are seeking knowledge and to learn about the world, and they have traveled to Paris to study and learn. They have achieved a high level of education (being well-taught). They are very busy with work.
They [the people] went to Paris, but they had a lot of money and they didn't want to spend it all.
Plitvice Lakes National Park is beautiful, with beech, spruce, and fir trees, as well as plants from the Alpine and noon Mediterranean regions.
He will return to his village, and then he will come to see his relatives in the city, and he will bring gifts.
He/She/It took/carried the young one to the cattle.
European bears, wolves, foxes, lynxes, and other animals in the forest are afraid of the capercaillie's call, and they hide in the trees.
They are not monasteries; there are houses where people gather for ceremonies and celebrations, yes.
Monasteries have become places where people go to pray and seek forgiveness, and they are filled with the scent of incense and the sound of chanting, where people become monks and live a peaceful life.
He said, the government is looking for someone to lead the people.
He is saying that the ancestors have sent good signs to us, and these signs are a blessing and a good path. He says, "Let us be good and do good things!"
Majorcan cuisine, a part of the Mediterranean zone, is delicious, with various pastries, and features (pork), and uses a lot of olive oil.
He/She/It is a small government, a little bit, and a little: It is like a small olive, growing slowly, and it gives fruit at the end, etc.
He said, "The cattle are healthy, and the children are growing strong, and the sky is very clear."
He saw the path in the forest and walked.
He has given a lot of advice to the people, and they have respected his words and followed the path of peace and reconciliation.
The people of the south are learning Italian and they are going to school to get knowledge.
He brought the knife and sat down to eat, and then he cut the meat with a sharp knife.
Aya, the cattle are being taken to the market: the car is like a chariot.
Persian grammar is a source of knowledge and wisdom.
Now, the grammar of the South is like a small bit of Persian grammar that has been added.
The elder is good at speaking, and his words are known and respected, for he teaches the Portuguese language to the youth.
He said, "I'm going to learn Spanish and Portuguese so that I can travel and see the world."
They are coming to our land to look at our things, and to visit museums, and to learn about us.
He saw the cattle grazing near the river, and the herd was near the water, and the cattle were drinking water.
Research telescopes are very helpful for observing the stars and the path of the planets.
Cherry blossom, it is called hanami, a custom of the Japanese from the 8th century.
The people of the Southwest Dinka region watch the plum blossoms and the fragrant flowers grow together.
Japan is beautiful, the parties are filled with cherry blossoms, and the emperor and aristocracy live in splendor along the Imperial River.
They are waiting for the rain to fall on the dry earth, and then they will see the grass grow and say "look".
He didn't see the cow in the field, but he said "come" and the cow came to him, and he tied it.
Singapore is a city with many people who live in different houses and work in various places, and they are all united by their shared identity and culture.
He said, "The sun is setting in the equator and the day is ending (quickly), and the stars are coming out (many, like fireflies, shining brightly)."
The people of the southwest have a tradition like the people of Hebron, and there they greatly respect the Biblical figures Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their descendants.
He returned to Hebron and then to the Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
They are walking towards the river, carrying water in calabashes.
They have seen castles on the Loire, on the Rhine, and have taken cruises on the Danube and along the Erie Canal.
The sun rises over the cycling trails.
Christmas is a celebration observed by Christians, and they celebrate it with songs of praise to God.
They are building a church along the road and they are also building a church for the Christians and a church for the non-Christians.
The people of the south are gathered here for Easter and are celebrating with joy and happiness.
The elder and the young people are gathered in the market, and the elder is teaching the young people about the ways of their ancestors.
The people of the Southwest Dinka observe the Easter Vigil and Saturday, and they celebrate Easter weekend, remembering the death and resurrection of Christ with joy and celebration.
He/She/It went to the market to buy sorghum, and brought back some.
He is going to the market to buy a cow with the money he earned from selling the Galapagos tortoises.
My father and mother went to Galapagos, they saw very interesting birds, penguins, seals, and sea lions.
The sun is in the Arctic, the earth is in the Antarctic, and the stars are near the polar [region], where the sky and earth meet on the horizon.
I saw the Aurora Borealis in the sky, and it was very beautiful.
He is gathering the cattle from the grazing area, and he is looking for the weak ones to sell, and he will then take them to the market.
Japanese people live in peace and they have a strong relationship with the world.
It suits a man of status, and he seeks to gain the respect of others through good deeds and honoring the customs of his people.
The man gave a generous gift to the chief, and he himself brought animals and valuable items for the celebration.
He brought the cattle and the goats to the place where the people were, and he said that the animals were good and that the people were satisfied with the cattle.
