The teacher said that from the beginning to the end of the year, we successfully completed the curriculum and we are now at the end.
Dr. Ehud Ur is a researcher at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and he studies the history and diverse cultures of Canada and the challenges faced by immigrants in Canada, particularly those who have recently arrived.
Abe, I have finished telling you about the importance of having good relationships with your relatives and friends, because a person who has many relatives and friends will not lack support in times of trouble.
Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee in Sweden, stated on the radio that the committee’s choice of Bob Dylan for the 2016 Nobel Prize was a big one. The committee has also praised the decision.
Darius said: When it is time, I will be there. I have sent my email to the address that is listed on the website and I have paid the fees. When it is time, it will be done.
If you are done, Jamie Siminof is the first person to say that the people of the village have been robbed of their valuables by the people of the neighboring town.
The internet is very slow.
Siminoff said that our company was present at the 2013 Shark Tank show and received many offers.
In 2017, the show "House Hunters" featured Siminoff on QVC.
Ring, you have no right to speak about the people who are suffering, and the suffering of the community is great.
The chief of the village said that the Ebola virus died out after five days, but he also said that ten people died in the village.
The research shows that ZMapp is a potent medicine being used on patients with Ebola, and the results are promising. However, the people of Dodokpɔ are saying that the medicine is causing side effects that are worse than the Ebola virus itself.
The problem is that the sentence is not grammatically correct Ewe. It seems to be a mix of words and phrases, potentially with some typos. It's difficult to provide a precise translation without clarification. However, based on the parts that *do* resemble Ewe words, here's a possible interpretation, keeping in mind the limitations: "You are asked to return something, and this thing is a very important matter that will be discussed further, and it will be presented clearly and effectively to the public, and you are asked to bring the information to the PALM." **Important Note:** This is a *best guess* translation. The original Ewe sentence likely has errors, and a native speaker would need to correct it for a truly accurate rendering.
The USA committee, the United States Olympic Committee, and the Olympic review board have all stated that the election is not yet over.
Miedà is used for embracing. My ancestors and the spirits of my forefathers, and those who have been appointed to take my spirit to the afterlife, are gathered here to offer prayers and sacrifices to my family to ensure prosperity and well-being.
The USA has recently revealed that it was aware of the abuse perpetrated by Larry Nassar for a long time. Many victims have since come forward to say they were intimidated by the system.
We traveled from Modzacadesia, passing through ski resorts and returning from Campo Felice ski resort to Modzacadesia in L'Aquila, my second hometown.
In 1960, Brzezinski was a staff member for John F. Kennedy and his successor Lyndon B. Johnson.
Brzezinski said that Carter also understood that in 1976 he helped me. However, when Kissinger took office, he continued to damage my reputation from 1977 to 1981.
Abe's trip to Togo was, in fact, a visit to Carter in the presidential palace, where he was in the midst of the Camp David Accords in 1978, US-China relations in 1970, the Iranian Revolution in 1979, and the Soviet Union's decline in 1979.
Gostling and Stone decided to go to the market to buy things for the upcoming festival.
Ryan Gosting and Emma Stone didn't come to the meeting and I was there.
The entire village and its people have been greatly affected, the marketplace, the school, the farm, the trading center, the forest, the field, the small paths, the winding paths, and the surrounding areas.
Ha eve si wonye Audition (Bometsila siwo le drɔ̃e kum) kple City Stars xɔ dzesidede na ha nyuitɔ. Lionsgate hadɔwɔƒea xɔ dzesidede 26. Here's the translation: The audition (for Bometsila and the drums) at City Stars resulted in 26 being selected. Lionsgate also selected 26.
America deplored Donald Trump's behavior, stating that the people in his closest circle are pushing for the US to withdraw from Syria.
Trump was seen talking on the phone with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
Turkey has been a safe haven for ISIS members, and they live in various parts of Europe.
Menye's words, though seemingly harsh, are intended to motivate you to become a good person, because he believes that your reputation will be improved by consistently doing good deeds, and that your wealth will be sustained by the fruits of your labor.
The study revealed that the mashed fruit contains both the vitamin C and the carotenoid compounds.
He/She/It is looking for something to help with the weight of things.
If you ask me, the spine is made up of many small bones, and it is made of bars and barbules that are arranged so that the spine is strong and flexible.
The elders have said that you should ask about the reasons for the hardship you are experiencing, and that the reasons for the hardship are in your ancestors. The wise ones say that the cause is simply a small mistake or a small oversight, and that a small mistake in judgment has brought about this.
He said that the problem is that there is a problem of people who are experiencing hardship and who are suffering greatly.
They went to Turkey, and the bombs that were made from their own hands were detonated in the markets of Gaziantep, causing many casualties and injuries.
The core of a person's identity is formed through their experiences.
The report indicates that some ISIS (ISIL) members have been residing in the country and are harboring fugitives.
The Wodoe people are very proud of their tradition and their history is passed down through oral stories, and their elders listen to them carefully. They use their traditional songs to express their feelings and they are very happy.
The coastal winds are blowing from the Rossby waves to the northern part of the country, and they are bringing a lot of rain. This is also causing flooding.
The situation is getting worse, and the problems are becoming more severe.
I was in a hurry to see you.
Adzogliwo is located here, and the clouds are called "Tibet". The place where the rivers originate is said to be in Nepal, but they flow into "India".
802.11n can be found on both 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies.
It is understood that the device supports the 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g frequencies.
802.11n speed depends on the environment and can vary. The maximum speed is 600Mbits/s.
Duval said that the rains have fallen, and it is not yet clear when Miller will come.
Esi wanted to tell Miller that her brother was in the hospital... she was weeping bitterly, saying that her brother had been sick since he was a child.
Egblɔ said: "Half of what I had in 2020 is what I have now, because the amount of carbon dioxide emissions we took since 2005 is huge."
She brought a small bag from a distant place and put it in the basket that is at the entrance of the house in China.
He/She has been searching among the markets and has given his/her goods to those who are in need, and some are being sold and others are being kept for later.
This is a wise saying which says: "A child who is diligent will see that the effort they put into their work will give them a good reputation."
Iraq is a major problem that is discussed in the news at 12:00.
They say that many people died in Iraq, and their bodies were returned to their families, and they were given burial rites, and their debts were paid.
It is very difficult to return home and see the various things that have happened, and the problems that have been created in the United States, but Titina has come to a place where she is in a big house.
Someone has brought news that the people of the region are also gathering and are being attacked repeatedly in Iraq, and many are being killed.
The traditional chief of the village of 78 villages said that the sacred spirit of the land was being disturbed, and it was causing misfortunes and death. He said that his brother went to Iraq to seek a way to resolve the misfortunes and to bring back the sacred objects from there.
The news of the death of Argentina's former First Lady Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner reached me from far away in La Plata, and from there it was about 50 kilometers as far as Buenos Aires, that I was very sad and felt a deep pain.
Argentina has been experiencing a difficult time. The Kirchner administration has been struggling to regain popularity among the general public. There are many challenges facing the country in the global economy, and in 2005, Buenos Aires hosted the Economic and Social Summit.
He said that Hurricane Katrina brought forth many problems and disasters. He also said that the "Bush New Orleans Deal" was being returned.
Liberals are increasingly becoming a concern in Washington and its surroundings.
Approximately a million people are searching for a place to live in Rome.
Amesiwo have offered their wisdom, which is greatly valued, to me, and I have come to Petro Kokoe's village to seek guidance from his elders.
The television in Wodo is showing news about the earthquake in Rome.
In Italy, the problem of food insecurity is serious, as people often buy food with their own money because they don't have enough to eat.
They say that the FBI is looking for someone who has been involved in selling illegal drugs. They also say that the person is searching for a place to hide the drugs.
The story that happened in the 2005 elections is that it was revealed that the FBI had alerted them that 10 people were involved in the smuggling of counterfeit currency.
Robin Uthappa scored 70 runs off 41 balls and is 11 years old and 2 months old.
Middle school students often compare their football skills to those of Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid.
Kametete scored 36 runs for India in the 7th innings and hit a six with his last ball.
America's President George W. Bush visited Singapore for the East Asia Summit on the 16th of November. This was his last trip.
Singapore's National Day Parade featured Mr. Wong Kan Seng, and I saw the National Day Parade of Singapore with Mr. Lee Hsien Loong, which was very exciting and showed the unity of the people.
The bush was burning and its smoke rose up, spreading its smell far and wide, even to Asia and beyond.
The meeting between the President of Ghana, John Dramani Mahama, and Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper was fruitful, and they both stated "yes indeed, very much." The meeting lasted approximately 25 minutes and took place at the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) with NDP leader Jack Layton.
Layton came from the village to ask for the names of his ancestors and the history of his family. Then he came from the city to ask for the names of his ancestors.
The little one, who came from the small village in the Mersey Valley in Devonport, Tasmania, where they are about to celebrate, along with other relatives from the village in the southern part, said that a certain young man is working in the factory and is doing well.
Gake dudɔnunɔla gbãtɔ John Howard gblɔ be Tasmania is completely situated in the southern part of the island, and the population is 45 million plus Australia.
When the sun sets, people gather and collect firewood from the forest to burn. Tsunamis are also known to occur in the waters around Pago Pago and Niue.
The earthquake that occurred in Tonga was felt as a tsunami by PTWC. The resulting disturbance caused a strong wave to hit the shore.
The community is in mourning; we have heard that a strong earthquake occurred in Hawaii and many people have died.
US supported George W. Bush during his presidency.
Bush's representative, Gordon Johndroe, stated in North Korea that "the ball is in the other court regarding the recent tensions between the two Koreas."
My hometown is the great Atlantic town, Jerry, who is my friend, I live by the shores of the Atlantic.
The deceased's family states that Jerry Megale was buried in his ancestral home.
We measured the length of the cloth and found it to be six inches, and it is a beautiful, patterned fabric.
Ninth Ward, even though it was a lot of damage during Hurricane Katrina, we are still rebuilding and striving to improve.
The price of yam is 100 cedis.
The community's chickens are at the edge of the village, and they are eating the fallen nuts that people bring to them, so they use WikiNews to report what is happening.
It is good that my children are with me. Furthermore, there are people who are your relatives. However, there are people who are close to you, who are not your kin, but who have been with you since you were born.
The village is very poor and the people are always looking for food and they are also searching for a million ways to get rid of their problems.
If you buy a small, old turtle, it will bring you great happiness, and it will constantly bring you good fortune as a Sagittarius.
The people of the village used to say that when the stars are very close and the Milky Way is very bright, the ancestors are visiting.
The stars in the sky are saying something to our ears, but it seems like the Milky Way is saying something to the Sagittarius constellation.
The people of Dzodzomeŋu have said that the coming of the rains will bring a time when the small ones will be able to see the big ones, and the big ones will be able to see the small ones, and everyone will be happy.
The chief said that the people of Kuseh, from the village of Gletivihatsotsoa, have returned to their homes and are now settling down.
Television is making the eyes of the child feel tired.
I am not happy that my thoughts are not with me, you are always busy and you treat me as if I am nothing.
Even though Japan's nuclear power plants are currently shut down, they store caesium and iodine in the water.
The problem is that I am not able to translate this sentence due to the lack of context. However, here's a possible translation based on the words provided, keeping in mind that Ewe is a tonal language and nuances can be easily missed without proper context: "I am returning, and I want to give thanks to God for the strength I have in my body." **Please note:** This is just a possible interpretation. A more accurate translation would require more context about the situation and the speaker's intention.
Dr. Tony Moll has seen the rise of extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal province and South Africa.
The spirit that is in me says, "Do not let your heart be troubled; for God is with you always."
Doctor Tony Moll says that the people of Amesiwo have been suffering from a lack of clean water, and their children are getting sick.
It is not far that, among 10 of them 15 are looking for a place in their own village.
The road from my village to the market is very bad and bumpy. There are 6,000 of them out of 330,000 who live in the township where I am.
Satellite dishes collect signals from about 1,000 different countries and are found in 17,500 homes and are also seen in about 491 villages.
The story says that the child was born with a hole in their heart.
The road to the village is very bumpy, and we have to carefully walk, avoiding the deep spots and the mud on the sides.
The United States Strategic Command says the US Department of Defense has a new strategy.
They are now making efforts to address the issue of child marriage.
Ohio is saying that someone you know is going to see a doctor in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, because their illness has been worsening significantly there.
Wokpɔ dɔkta Malar Balasubramanian si xɔ ƒe 29 le awutewuiwo me wòmlɔ mɔ to le Blue Ash, Ohio du si didi anɔ kilometa 15 tso Cincinnati anyiehe le atike nunu akpa nɔnɔme aɖe me Dr. Malar Balasubramanian arrived on the 29th of August and we met her at Blue Ash, Ohio, which is about 15 miles from Cincinnati, in a beautiful, large house.
He brought his Oldsmobile which had been crashed three times to this place.
He has finally given Saroja Balasubramaniam 53 years of his life in the country and beyond.
The return is a good thing, even if it doesn't come easily.
They have not yet finished the work of building the new house.
He/She has returned to his/her village. If he/she finds nothing, he/she will go back to his/her work.
India's problems are great, and they are affecting the people in the country, because the words they speak are causing conflict among them, and they are also causing division and hostility.
Dizhong encephalitis has affected millions of people in the area, and many have suffered from hearing loss.
The spirit is present and is causing discomfort in my body, and I feel a strange and unsettling sensation in my heart.
Slania came to Sweden in 1956 and lived in a town called Sveden and is a resident of the Swedish Postal Service. Eva went to the Takoradi Technical Institute to study textile design.
Eta Lɛtakotokudzigbalẽvi 1,000 people live in Sweden and another 28 in a certain place.
When the time comes, we will all go to the cemetery in the village of Létakotokudzigbalẽvi.
It was the Létakotokudzigbalẽvi 1,000 loaves baked by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl and his father "Sweden's Bread" in the year 2000. It was recorded in the Guinness Book of World Records.
They have been living in Canada for many years and have accumulated approximately $5,000 to $100,000.
When I arrived, they went to Gibson's shop to buy some things.
It is the 64th day of the month.
It is 1200 cedis, and he/she is going to the market to buy clothes for the funeral.
I went to the market and saw a woman selling and she said: "The spirit of the ancestors is always with me and my family."
They said that the rain will fall tomorrow.
That is why the people of Bali, with their various villages and towns, are always afraid and anxious, and they are constantly looking around and being wary of their neighbors.
The chief and the elders have returned to the village and are discussing the matter of my ancestral property, and they are saying that they will not accept it.
He is going to take his mother and father to the meeting, and they will share the proceeds with their relatives.
Fluke is a type of fish that is found in the sea and rivers, and it is often eaten by people who live near the coast. I have seen a very large one.
The elder and the young people gathered and decided that the words spoken by the ancestors were true and should be obeyed.
When the rains come, they go to the forest to collect firewood, and they gather 40 loads of firewood to bring back to their village.
I bought a beautiful cloth for my mother, which has a lovely pattern. I am going to the market to buy some more.
After I finished eating at 10:00, I went to sleep and my stomach was still full.
The people of today are like foxes and birds, and they are always looking for something to eat.
I will be there by 11:35 am.
The first independent republic of Ghana was established on March 6, 1963.
He is very happy that his family has come to visit and they are celebrating with us.
The fish in the river are very fat and the young ones are swimming around looking for humpback chub.
The chief is dying and there are only three days left, and the people in the village are preparing funeral arrangements.
Many people in the coastal areas were affected by the tsunami. Jakarta's geophysicists say that a magnitude of 6.5 earthquake occurred at a depth of 6.5 kilometers.
The chief is a tsunami, he appears in places of strong wind, he is always on the ground and repeatedly brings them to his people and the people of Aworoku for consultation.
Togbɔ is a man of dignity, and Winfrey's village is where he was born and where his ancestors came from, and it is said that he is able to make decisions.
"My children should not come here, because those who come here are not my relatives and they don't belong to my family."
Namibia mourns the passing of former First Lady Hifikepunye Pohamba and her family.
The world knows that the South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO) is fighting for the liberation of the people in exile.
Afghanistan, despite its ongoing challenges, has a rich history and diverse culture, and its people are known for their resilience and hospitality.
You have gone to a mountainous terrain, and you see that it is one of our ancestral lands.
Don't be ashamed of your belongings; they come from God. Now, be mindful of your actions and your reputation.
Atike is grateful to Médecins Sans Frontières and local authorities for the medical supplies they have been receiving from the central government.
Doctors Without Borders introduces Richard Veerman, who says: "Angola and its people are in a desperate situation."
We will meet at 10:00 am to go to church. We will have a picnic and games at my place, starting from yesterday, and there will be a 7's rugby match.
Kametetea was traveling by water from the port of South Africa to Zambia, and the journey took 26 days, during which they covered 00 miles.
Esi, I heard that you are planning to travel to South Africa and are looking for a place to stay.
They say that the person who is going to the market, even with their belongings, will be very poor and will not have anything at all.
Amsterdam, two houses of Anne Frank, were demolished because it was feared that fungus was spreading and that it would cause collapse and further damage to the surrounding buildings. They said the ground was unstable.
Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze edzi o Wowɔɖo alẽ fù anyi le braɖagbe gake ʋɔnudrɔ̃ƒe ƒe nyametsotso wɔe be medze
Agadoawo katã, siwo woyɔ be "The Seven Sisters" feature stories of 100 to 250 years.
The elder and the young people have been saying that the earth is about to be swallowed by the sea.
The child is not afraid; she is strong and has gained wisdom from her parents.
Gen Cushing is a professor at Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona, and he is also a native of the United States. He often says that the source of our strength is the struggle itself.
The people of the village went to the market and bought clothes and other things in France. The clothes were of good quality and were also very expensive.
If you return to your village and the people there call you, return even if the elders call you to come and take me from the elders.
Fransetɔwo’s age is that the older ones are staying with the younger ones.
Since 1988, we have been collecting information from my relatives, and we have also collected stories and historical accounts, and we have learned that the traditional leaders have been using the traditional stool to choose chiefs from the age of the ancestors to the present day.
Amesiwo are always going to your village to gather and bring gifts, and they come to look at your cloths and take them for themselves. For me, the price of a dollar is much more than the price of a cloth.
The ASUS Eee PC, which was very small and lightweight, was introduced to the market in 2007 in Taipei, and it was a sensation.
In 2007, I traveled to Taiwan to visit ASUS as part of the Yuan Kplɔtanɔla program, and I saw the huge, impressive factory.
Radio stations often broadcast dramas like "School Radio Xoxo" which brings together children and educational stories.
He/She/It often listens to TogiNet Radio, a popular internet radio station.
In 2015, TogiNet joined AstroNet Radio to broadcast its programs.
I want to know how my family is and how the people of Texas are doing.
The problem is that the book is not finished. We have traveled to Bishkek and I am going to see my relatives.
The situation in Bishkek is such that it is now becoming difficult to do business there. Therefore, people are now seeking ways to protect their possessions from thieves.
Bishkek is a big city with a lot of people, and we are all happy to be here.
South Africa defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in the Tri Nations rugby tournament in Rustenburg, Royal Bafokeng.
South Africa lost to Fiji 21-20, and the All Blacks' continued dominance is 15 points.
Springboks said that the little ones are born to eat.
Someone is showing off to me and the All Blacks are showing off from the beginning to the end of the match.
The Springboks will play a test match against Australia, which will be the opening match of the tour, in Ellis Park, Johannesburg.
It was around 10:08 AM on Wednesday that the earthquake struck Montana and shook the ground.
The United States Geological Survey (USGS) collects and analyzes data from numerous monitoring stations across the country.
At some point, the bush was 20 kilometers (15 miles) from Dillon, and Blutte was 65 kilometers (40 miles) away.
The group gathered a lot of things that were in the old house, H5H1, and they used their belongings to build a hut in the marshland near Lyon in the region of France.
France has a lot of adrenaline in Europe, and it rushes through me like a river; Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece, and Italy also have a lot of it.
Some people say H5N1 is a disease that spreads through birds and it originated in Croatia and Denmark.
The people of Senyalawo have given a large amount of money to God, which is countless billions and is increasing.
The spirit did not call God, but said that it was "for my people" and came from "the one who is old, he is old in the village."
Sinima, the composer Camille Saint-Saëns, was born a long time ago in France and composed many pieces for the organ.
They say that a person who is quick to anger often causes problems for themselves and others, and they don't see how their actions lead to difficulties.
New Gingrich said his wife is not a scholar, Rick Perry, who is the former governor of Texas, and Michelle Bachmann, who is a congresswoman, both came and criticized him, attacking and defending his past records.
When the delegates of the convention were gathered, Gingrich said Santorum was beating Romney, and he was winning by a wide margin in the early polls in Iowa.
Perry said, "We moved from Ghana to Texas to find land to farm and we have been farming for twenty-one years in South Carolina."
Bachmann is bringing the black cloth to the Armes Straw Poll, and I am coming to the gathering to say that the black cloth is definitely going to be used.
They took a picture of Ronald Reagan at UCLA from their home.
He said that his age is 20. He said to me, "Singing is my passion since I was a child, and my dreams and aspirations are to be a king someday."
TMZ reports that a vehicle carrying photos of the fatal crash was seen on Sepulveda Boulevard, heading towards the scene, and carrying the victims' belongings. It is said that the California Highway Patrol is investigating the vehicle.
The proverb says that you should take what is in the little picture, not the one with the camera.
You should go and look for your destiny in the place where your destiny is being made.
You are very welcome to Netherlands, and we have the skier Anna Jochemsen who is competing in the Super-G races, and also Finland's skier Katja Saarinen who is competing in the races.
Australia was represented by Michell Gourley and finished fourth in the Super-G. Czech Republic was represented by Ordrich Jelinek and finished seventh in the Super-G.
Mexico has selected Arly Velasquez to compete in the Super-G, and New Zealand has selected Adam Halls to compete in the Super-G.
Poland's ski jumper Maciej Krezel and Anna Orgarzynska won the gold and silver medals in the Super-G ski jumping event. South Korea's ski jumper Jon Seork Park won the bronze medal in the Super-G ski jumping event.
The earthquake in Haiti in January 2010 caused a lot of damage, with many people losing their homes and livelihoods, and the situation is still dire.
The world is changing, and we are seeing the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, and it is also affecting the strategies of the International Monetary Fund, such as the high debt of Haiti.
If the child is sick, Haiti has been a refuge for those fleeing since the 1800s.
The Haiti Institute for Justice and Democracy has reported that Nepalese volunteers were involved in the earthquake relief efforts in Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, who was once at the UN, said that the issues of the vulnerable are not being adequately addressed.
Hamilton said that Howard Sukukokor, who was born in a nearby town, came to see me.
The situation in Nigeria, starting from Ebola and the cholera outbreak.
The elder was sitting by the roadside, looking at the people and saying that they were going to be given food and drinks.
Simon loves watching The Simpsons on his phone.
We enjoyed watching movies like Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracy Ullman Show in the 1980s when I was a taxi driver.
Ekpe and Brooks, along with Groening, created The Simpsons, which is about a family that enjoys watching movies and cartoons from the year 1989.
Togbe was established in 1993, and it had a population of approximately two million dollars in wealth.
Xinhua reported that the Chinese embassy in Accra said it was deeply saddened by the loss of life.
It is reported that the mother of the deceased said that her child was born with a heart defect and that they lived in Afghanistan, specifically in Kandahar.
It has been reported that the terrorist group ISIS has been seen in Afghanistan, and they are believed to be in Ürümqi, China.
Iran's problems are not just about the problems of the people; they are about the disrespect of God from the beginning and continue to be.
The people of the village, they said, Iran Mate was deeply troubled and prayed to God.
He brought a large amount of money, and he took a helicopter from the airport to his village.
Iran has a population of 168 million people who live in America and are of Ghanaian descent.
The fault is that I came to the city seeking, but I did not find what I was looking for.
Aerosmith is having a big party at the village square.
A total of 16 people from the village traveled from Hohoe to the United States and Canada.
Hadziha told Steven Tyler that he had been looking for Hadziha in the villages since he was a child, and had been searching for her for five years, and she had been hiding in the bush.
Murray won the tie-break, and then he was eliminated in the quarter-finals.
Del Potro won the match in a thrilling tie-break, defeating his opponent after a hard-fought game that ended 6-6.
The chief sold yams and Potro's place is now left vacant.
The meeting is scheduled for 8:30 AM.
Hadzila is going to the market to offer bhajans and prayers to Shri Shyam.
Hadzila Sanju Sharma dze hadzidzi wo saw them gave to Jai Shankar Choudhary.
Emegbe Lakka Singh is one of those who sing bhajans.
I offered Chhappan Bhog (which is 56 delicious dishes according to Hindu tradition, including sweets, savories, rice, and desserts) at the 108th pilgrimage site to Baba Shyam.
Lakkha Singh sang bhajans and performed the fifty-six offerings. Hadzila Raju Khandelwal also played the harmonium and sang with them.
The Tokyo Game Show, which was held in Accra, saw Nintendo’s Satoru Iwata announce plans for future games on the Nintendo Revolution.
Now, the people of the village and its chief, and the elders have already left, so those who are looking for the village's property should go to the village's assembly place where they will find it.
She is helping the children who came from your place to carry their things and she wants to bring a gift to the yam farmer.
Giancarlo Fisichella was at the races. His car was fast.
The news of Fernando Alonso's victory is spreading quickly, and it is being celebrated by his fans with great joy.
It is said that Michael Schumacher was very fast in his cars.
When a person is in the midst of a problem, it is said: "Things are not as they seem."
It is a shame that the problem is not resolved with the help of people who are knowledgeable.
Three minutes had passed, the camera was rolling, and they were already looking for friends.
Gake, it is true that the small bird is singing.
NASA has announced the death of Pastor N.Wayne Hale Jr, who said: "We must be brave in the face of what we believe."
The day was very hot, and the traffic was very heavy. It was around noon when the speed was 70km/h... but the traffic was still very congested. People were saying that the road was very long, and that it was a road used by those who go to work. It was very crowded. People were driving slowly. Some were still going to the market, but they were looking for something to eat.
Armand Versace said, "The father is like a tree that provides shade and also protects his children from harm. Therefore, people should respect their elders, for they have already experienced a lot in life."
NHK reports that the nuclear meltdown in Fukushima is still affecting people everywhere.
The Hokuriku region has been experiencing a significant increase in the number of people who are seeking refuge and are facing hardship. It is said that there are 1 or 2 nuclear power plants located in Shika.
It is said that the name is so, and since I started work in the factory, the salary was 9400, and since I started work, the salary is 100.
My friends are all gathered, and your children have gone to the market to buy food and are playing around me. The teachings of God from Ishikawa have completely destroyed the deceitful ways.
He/She/It is looking for a good place to bury its child.
The explosion and the resulting smoke were so thick that they obscured my view of the entire village.
The child who was born on Friday had a good life, and he lived until he was 30; but now he is looking for a wife.
Cyanuric acid and melamine were found in the water and the tests showed that the levels were above the acceptable limit.
The university principal announced that the results of the exams for the first semester were released, and the performance was generally good.
The soil is contaminated with a mixture of melamine and cyanuric acid at a high level.
Spectroscopy, in its analysis of the structure of matter, reveals that atoms are composed of a nucleus surrounded by electrons orbiting it.
I am going to return to my village, and from there I will travel all the way to America to see you.
The people of Gakplee have settled in the United States, scattered throughout all of America.
You are not well; I am worried about you.
He/She told me that what is in my heart is love and that I am a child of God.
California loved Arnold Schwarzenegger, and he appeared in many popular movies and was a celebrated figure.
She vowed that her relatives had 18 houses that were destroyed in the recent earthquakes in California, and that they had lost and were lacking about $1000.
That Kier Starmer QC, even though he has been making a lot of promises, it turns out that his pledges are like the marriage of Huhne and Pryce.
Huhne has given a letter to the leader and Ed Davey MP has said that the government is not ready. Norman Lamb MP was a minister who was in charge and he was a friend of Davey.
Huhne (or perhaps "Huna") played against Price at the Westminster championship for 16 days.
Ame siwo dze afɔku la woe nye Nicholas Alden si xɔ ƒe 25, kple Zachary Cuddeback si xɔ ƒe 21. Cuddeback ye nye ame si nɔ ʋua kum. My brother's children are Nicholas Alden who is 25, and Zachary Cuddeback who is 21. Cuddeback is the one who is usually cared for.
Edgar Veguilla is always happy, and he receives support from Kristo Schneider, who says that he will always help me in my work.
Schneider's various tools are quite small and here, they are not very strong, their handles are not comfortable to hold at all, and they are made of titanium.
She is a tailor whose shop is located near the market in the village.
When the mother gives birth, a strange pain comes over me.
The competition gave Slalom, and at the end, the results showed "Did Not Finish," because the overall results of the competition were not good. We had 36 out of 116 participants who consistently finished last.
The Giant Slalom was held in Doƒe, and the "women's sitting" event was also held. See 4:41.30. The event was also held with participants from Australia, thanks to Claudia Loesch, and from Hungary, thanks to Gyöngyi Dani.
The term "Skykula" is a "women's sitting" that is used to talk about our problems and difficulties. Skykula 45 and 117 are small, crowded places.
Madhya Pradesh has a strong tradition of traditional medicine and herbal remedies.
According to D.K. Arya, "I am afraid that the Swiss people will be surprised by the combination of our tradition and our modern technology."
The universe has many names, such as Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar, and Vishnu Kanjar.
According to Kpovitɔwo, Chandra Shekhar Solanki said that you should not give up easily and should keep trying until you achieve your goal.
The chief is your father, and the people of the town are like my brothers and sisters. Therefore, I am not ashamed to seek your support.
Go to the market to sell.
I returned the car keys that were in the trunk of the small, somewhat old car and used them to buy an Audi TT.
The bus went to James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
They traveled from Addenbrook to Cambridge.
They are going to Edinburgh to meet Adekoya, who is a doctor.
He returned with a large amount of money and gifts. The first thing they did was to praise him for his good deeds.
The issue of Scotland being in or out of the UK is a big one. The Scottish people strongly believe that the power to make decisions about their own affairs should come from the people.
Pamela Ferguson of Dundee University stated that "the accumulation of money is like a river that flows to its source, and it takes its form from its tributaries."
The Crown Office has released a list of names of people who were allegedly involved in the embezzlement of 10 million dollars.
The year the State of Palestine was founded, the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians began, and it has persisted in the Middle East since 1967.
The prophet said that the time will come when the remnant will be gathered from all the nations and will return to their own land, to Jerusalem and the Jordan Valley.
Israel said that the wealthy people in the village had been trying to buy my land. Then PA also bought land from the chief's store.
The sorrow of the rangers has become a great burden, and they are facing danger from the enemies who are surrounding them and attacking their villages.
The group I represent, NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW), strongly support the regulation of firearms.
He met Mick O'Flynn and they discussed how the Parkea reservoir was built and the measures taken to protect it, and it was said that he had been a volunteer for many years.
Martlly recently graduated and was elected as a member of the Provisional Electoral Council (CEP).
It is through Martelly that the CEP is being formed.
"If you are making a report, be sure to submit it to the CEP office so that it can be properly filed. Furthermore, the small amount of money I have been saving from my small earnings is now being used for my expenses."
The reason why Martlly's beauty is not accepted by others is because of her character.
It is a serious matter, because we are reminded of the trouble that happened to us in 2011, when we were all together and experienced a great loss.
Another person who is about 60 years old has been listening to music on iPods since childhood. He does this to listen to songs and he always takes them with him.
The Ministry of Trade and Industry (METI) reported that the country recorded a total of 27 cases of measles last year.
He didn't want me to come, but METI said that 34 bags of apples were taken from the store and that the store owner said he was upset.
The little one is like an apple, and when you pick it, you’ll find that it’s the one you named "my love and precious one."
The earthquake occurred in Mariana at 07:19 (Friday 09:19 GMT).
The Northern Marianas are becoming increasingly susceptible to the effects of climate change, and it is becoming evident that the changes are starting to be felt in our communities.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says a tsunami is possible.
The Philippines has a problem that has been brought to Hong Kong to discuss solutions because they have been sending goods and are located in the Philippines, specifically in the capital city of Manila.
Rolando Mendoza, you are the boss, M16 is our weapon.
When a person gets married, all relatives and friends who know them say that they have completed their journey.
He/She/It went to the market with my friends and relatives there, or to where he/she/it bought Filipino photo frames and...
The photo shows the children during a gathering as they were playing and had fun. We went to Mendoza with our family.
Liggins went to the doctor because he was sick.
He said that he was born on the 21st of February, 1959, in Auckland, New Zealand.
Libbins has a large house where the strong wind blows, and the chickens are afraid and hide in the yard.
The people of the village have gathered to discuss the issues that affect the development of their health center.
Xinhua reports that the political situation is increasingly tense as the opposition party continues to hold demonstrations in the capital.
Luna is looking for someone to talk to.
Tommy Dreamer says, "Luna is Extreme's beauty and her eyes are captivating. Luna is very beautiful. The spirit says, the spirit is fulfilled."
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels says, "The moon is now shining brightly. I am very happy... I'm telling you it's completely full."
Approximately 1,400 people migrated from this town to the city and in 2010, many of them went to Australia to work, sending remittances of approximately 8 million dollars every two years since 2008.
Dudɔnunɔla congratulated Julia Gillard on her 2010 election victory and expressed admiration for Queen Elizabeth II and her longevity.
The people of the Savannah District gathered to celebrate the Golden Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II's long reign in Australia.
Ame 29 years old, my family lives in Australia, and my family also lives in Australia, but my family lives in a small village in the forest.
Amesi won gold medals in the 100 and 200 meters at the Commonwealth Games, having previously won them at the Olympics.
He/She will return the money he/she borrowed from me when it matures.
Curtis Cooper has earned a bachelor's degree in Accounting and Computer Science from Missouri University, graduating with a GPA of 25.
I have heard that the problem is being discussed at the meeting to be resolved by the elders in the village.
The person who is afraid of the future is always looking back at past troubles and worrying.
The young people in the village are giving instructions to the elders about the right way to do things, and they are also telling them about the good things that have happened in the past.
Nutomefia Cuomo is 53 years old and has lived in the village since birth, having traveled from the city and the city's outskirts to live here.
The world is a field of patience and perseverance.
Some people have been celebrating the 2016 elections results.
NextGen's new project focuses on a very large spiritual need that urgently requires a complete shift away from carbon-based fuels.
They have begun to teach us about the importance of respecting elders and the value of traditional practices, and they are teaching us how to properly conduct ourselves in the presence of elders.
The crowd was very loud as they celebrated the goal that was scored at Wembley. They also celebrated the goal scored by the team that was very good.
She was the one who was looking for the lost child, and she went to the village to ask about the whereabouts of her relatives.
Science has shown that the Galapagos Islands in Ecuador are home to unique species.
I grew up at Princeton University and in the United States, and also at Uppsala University in Sweden. My research focuses on the differences between *Geospiza fortes* and *Geospiza conirostris* finches.
They brought gold to the small village. They lived in the big town.
They are going to the market to sell cassava and plantains. They are also going to the village.
The old ones used to write stories on leaves that were tied together. These are ancient manuscripts that are still used to write down important things.
They say that his pH is low. He eats potatoes and cabbage a lot.
Cabbage is good for the body and helps with acidity.
The topic of the discussion is being discussed at the community level.
Hydrogen atom is made up of a proton and electrons that orbit it.
Don't worry about the things that are happening; just be grateful for what you have and don't be envious of others.
The child is doing well and is growing up quickly.
I have been to both Mohenjo-daro and Harappa, and I have seen the ruins of both.
We went to visit relatives in Africa and also traveled to Mykonos Crete and Santorini in Greece.
They traveled to Egypt, Persia, and China. They were merchants who traded goods and went to the Roman court and other countries.
The old man showed the young ones how to weave cloth, and they were all delighted.
The person who is searching for a good husband is looking for a man with a good character.
The rocket is carried by the people and has instruments (telescopes) that help it to explore space and make discoveries.
He brought a telescope and saw the stars and the planets at a distance of 100 meters.
The people of the village are gathered in the market to trade. And when you go there, you will see some people who are selling very cheap.
If you buy a chicken, you will also buy firewood.
My father and mother, the people of my family, have given me a beautiful and strong legacy, and they are always with me.
The first harvest of the yam crop is used for food, as well as for storing, and also for rituals and sacrifices.
It is a good thing that my children and their friends are all present and are enjoying themselves.
Dzatawo nye lã siwo wɔa ɖeka wu eye wonɔ habɔbɔ si woyɔ be pride me. The problem is that the dog has died and they are having a funeral to celebrate how much they loved me.
Dzata is a problem, and the problem of the people is that they are competing for power and the people are suffering.
The people of Dzata village have a tradition of using elder and younger brothers.
The spirits of the ancestors come to visit their children and give them blessings, and they also leave to go back to their realm. This is a custom of our people.
The problem is that the solution is not easy to solve. Therefore, we need to find a way to solve it.
The leopard (Genus Panthera) hunts small animals like rats and mice. It often brings its prey to a tree.
It is a small problem that causes a lot of worry and stress.
Ocelots are very clever. They hunt for food from morning until evening, and they eat birds, lizards, and also snakes. The clever ocelot is able to catch its prey.
The village elder said that the Ocelot's spirit appeared and spoke, saying it was born in the forest and came to the house from the deep forest where it was born.
It seems like everyone is worried about me and my situation. They say that if you are truly troubled, Ocelowo will bring you comfort, but our worries will not be easily lifted.
He doesn't like to go to the market (goes to the market) to buy things for selling (he goes to buy things to resell; or he goes to buy things to make a profit from, or he buys things to sell at a profit) so that he can get his own money after he has worked for a long time.
Now, the goats have become very strong and they are going to eat all the sweet herbs. They have already eaten all the sweet things and they are going to go to their watering hole where they will drink water and nibble on grasses and other small plants and they will grow big and strong from there.
He denies it. It is a problem that you are not acknowledging your own shortcomings.
The person I am looking for is very gentle and kind, but the one who is afraid doesn't come seeking them and doesn't get to know them.
When I was small, all the days passed by quickly, and I was a child who didn't understand how to count my years.
The concept of speciation is when a species splits into two distinct, separate ones. Speciation is a process where a species divides into two or more genetically independent populations, such that the original species can no longer interbreed.
Atiwo and Agbèya also said that the pollution from these fires emits carbon dioxide into the atmosphere.
Atiwo has a beautiful wife and beautiful children. The chief is very wise.
He/She/It has eaten a lot of food and drink. He/She/It bought a large amount of palm oil and salt. When the salt was finished, they used palm oil instead.
The mosasaurus was a large fish that lived in the sea, and it hunted other mosasaurs.
Aged 70, he has seen many great things, and with wisdom he understands that we are people who will eventually die, so he has grown accustomed to the end.
My heart is filled with joy, for I have seen the beauty of the world. The world is very wide, and the dinosaurs and other creatures that lived then are gone. But the beauty remains.
Good heavens, if I were to see a dinosaur, and it were a huge T. Rex, it would eat me.
The chief is a blessing to your family, a source of strength and support from the ancestors and the spirits, a protector against evil, misfortune, and fire, and a guide like a dormouse.
They say that evil spirits are causing trouble, and that strong winds are blowing from the south, carrying dust into the villages. The problem is that the crops are failing in many places, and the rains are not coming.
Blema Roma, the world is now so small that places far away from America, Asia, or Europe are now easily accessible to me.
He said to me, tomatoes, and peanuts, you are very welcome, and the chief of Romatodzi told me to bring them.
The ancestors came from a place that is near and where God was above, and the ancestors who were above were like a father to me.
Some people are collecting stones and carrying them to the shore, saying they will use them to build a strong house and to carry their belongings.
The child took water from the river and also collected leaves from the nearby bush, and then went home.
The ancestral spirits are present, and their power is like the solid stones they used to build pyramids, as the Ziggurats erected in the land held sacred spaces.
The spirit of the ancestors is in the ancestors and in God.
She gave me a beautiful cloth, and I bought a small one.
Hebri people say that this medicine is effective.
The child is playing in the sun; the weaver's cloth is strong and is for my clothes. He is going to gather firewood.
I have a stomach ache in Kana-Nyigba, and it feels like a frog is jumping inside me.
Greenland was first settled by people who came from Norway to hunt seals. Norse sagas say that Erik the Red first went to Iceland by accident, and when he found land in the far west, he named it Greenland and encouraged people to settle there.
It is said that when the Eskimo gets to the edge of the sea, he throws his fishing net for me.
The Togbe (chief) is found in the Scandinavian countries such as Denmark, Sweden, Norway, and Iceland, as well as in towns, villages, and cities around the world.
He/She watched a movie about the Dukom Kesinonu people, which showed the traditions of the Kesinonu people from the past.
This is a good place to come and tell me that you are here.
We have been in Dokuisinonon since the publication of "Dokuisi Dedicated to God from the Holy Scriptures in the City of Siamlem 4, 1776." The return is scheduled for the 2nd of the month.
The first time I saw him, he was very tall, and he was wearing a white robe that was made of both cloth and leather (its length was about 29 inches and its width was about the width of a mother’s hand, and its sleeves were about as long as the forearm).
They said that the person who was supposed to be the chief was not present.
The people of Dukawodzi and Asrafowo in Normandy have come from Ghana and are now in France, and they are all seeking to settle here.
Vichy France was a period of time. French people in exile and those in Germany during 1940 and beyond, some of whom were of royal lineage, initially claimed to have arrived with treasures and their belongings.
The Union of Ewe States, in 1940, established a regiment in France, which was called "Dragoon of the Eagle."
He/She used to tell me that Americans and the French are giving away money, and that money is being given away in France, and it will come to me from Germany.
The spirit of the ancestors is like a seed from one's family, which grows and spreads, and then returns to the place where one was born.
The issue regarding the Latin civil law, whether it's a matter of the people, or of Latin as a citizen, or whether it's a fundamental matter of the state, or simply a matter of governance, is being discussed in the current situation.
The people of Dunɔɖokuisi go to the market. The persistent/relentless struggle of the heart has caused some people to be worried, while others are willing to take on the responsibility of providing for their families in their homes, and some are busy working hard to fill their stomachs.
Since I was born, I have seen many things, and I have noticed that people often give up their dignity. They say that they are very poor every day.
The Totoro (a traditional Ewe dance group) performed at the village festival, and the chiefs of the various districts gathered to celebrate – the Totoro groups of the sea performed their dances.
The elder returned from the Palace, saying that he had seen the great people and that the chiefs of the various towns had gathered there to discuss the matter of the division of the land, and the people of the various districts were all present. They had opened the gates and had gathered in the square, because some people were present there.
The person who is gathering (or collecting) something from there is going to be very successful.
It is important to return the sentence as accurately as possible, even if it sounds a bit unusual in English. Here's the translation: They have started their journey and are already halfway to the sea, and they are eager to see the shore, and they are very happy that their fellow tribesmen are gathering together.
The Black Stars won the first ever African Cup of Nations held in Ghana, and Italy won their first African Cup of Nations as well, and they were the first teams to win a major tournament on the African continent, and they also won the FIFA U-20 World Cup in 2006.
My favorite sports are football, basketball, volleyball, handball, athletics, rugby, darts, snow hockey, roller hockey, and Formula 1 racing.
The children are learning to write in the Dziehe language, and Italians are interested in the first few children's games and the Olympic games.
Fukushima is 7,000 miles from Japan (specifically Honshu), and it seems that Japan is 7 times as far as the world is from me!
He/She went to Japan and saw Japan's islands, which are islands scattered in the ocean, called an "archipelago" (a group of islands that are clustered together).
Taiwan is often considered to be 15 miles from its closest point, and some Europeans call it Formosa, meaning "beautiful island."
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a trading post in Taiwan, which served as a vital link in its network of trade routes connecting to China and the spice islands.
In 1683, the Qing Dynasty (1644-1912) established a military outpost in Taiwan, and the island became a stronghold of the Qing Dynasty by 1885.
In 1895, the Qing Empire was defeated in the Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), and the Treaty of Shimonoseki, which ceded Taiwan and other territories to Japan, was signed. Japan did not relinquish these territories until 1945.
He has been to Machu Picchu, specifically Intihuatana, a sacred place of the Vodou, and he has visited my ancestral shrines there.
He/She/It is learning to cook and also to sew, but he/she/it is not good at it.
In 1976, I went to Machu Picchu and saw the beautiful stones there, and I was amazed by the scenery.
The length of my film and its grain are approximately 35 millimeters, like the negative of old analog films.
The story describes a woman who has a big house, and her wealth is that she owns a big photo album filled with pictures of her children from early childhood to their current age, and her children are all from her first marriage.
My height, which is not exactly 35 centimeters but rather 36 centimeters at the shoulders and 24 centimeters at the hips.
The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want. (According to the Bible) 3:2.
The main problem with the ancestral lineage (regarding my ancestors' places of origin) is that it is being obscured by the stories of the recently deceased.
You should not sell yourself to others, even if they offer you a lot of money. Don't be easily swayed by those who try to use cunning words to deceive you.
It is said that when a person is very angry, they can be carried away and go far, but the words I speak are close to my heart (literally, "small things").
The European Union's influence is strong, especially among Catholics, in the world's major cities.
The power of the Holy Spirit that was given to Christ at his ascension into heaven was poured out on us so that we might live in a way that is pleasing to God.
You should return the items you took from my house to where they belong.
The beauty of the forest is that it contains many species of trees, both large and small, whose roots are intertwined and hold the soil together.
The small cloth that my mother brought from Rome and the beautiful beads and the words that my father gave me, all of them, when I was very young, seemed like a dream.
Even though Esi is not yet old enough to go to school, Britain has sent some of her books to Germany.
The story is about a person who, because of their own struggles and the suffering of others, is compelled to go to a place where they can find peace. It is said that the darkness that surrounds the large community is due to the hardships experienced by the ancestors. This is why the people still mourn.
Britain has a big problem with the divisions among people, and this is causing a lot of conflict and strife that is happening in the country. And the divisions within the country are becoming very deep.
They say the small, small cloth that was given to me by Germany is not enough for our needs.
In 1920, when I was here, the chiefs and elders of the town all came to my house to pay their respects.
When Esi went to the market and bought some things, she said that her relatives and friends gave her a lot of gifts.
In 1884, Tesla came to America and met with Edison and other inventors in New York City.
Eva America kept saying to me, in annoyance, that I was like Charles Batchelor (who lived in the 19th century) and Thomas Edison.
It is said that the person who traveled from China to the land of the white people is a very wealthy person; the wealth of China comes from the sea and is very abundant.
This is a serious problem, the land that is in the forest has been divided and is being given to the people who live in it, and the rights of the younger generation are being taken away. The land allocated in your region is the land of the Eastern Region which has 60 per cent of the total land in Ghana and Jin Region.
The sun has risen, and the pleasant aroma of the morning is spreading throughout the village.
The main reason for Fiaɖuƒe Etɔ̃awo's success is the relationship between me and the Blema China company, and also because I have repeatedly visited the large city of Xi'an to conduct business.
Metsonu is a device used to measure the quantity of things, both small and large, in grams or kilograms. It is composed of several interconnected, uniform parts that are arranged in a way that allows it to be easily carried.
Back in the days in Totrɔva where I lived, their small-scale farmers cultivated various crops and grew enough food to feed their families.
Eganɔ nenema le asrafowo ha gbɔ elabena woƒe amegãnyenye ƒe hawo meku ɖe afi si wotso ŋu o, ke boŋ eku ɖe woƒe ŋutete ŋu. He promised that the people in the market would give you a share of what they sell, and the amount they give you will be enough for your needs.
Fransetɔwo in Totrɔva, and others in the villages, all say that their children are constantly going to school.
Muhammed said that the great one had already come and was giving us the news of the coming of the Lord. Then, the angel who came from heaven spoke in the "Noor" (light) and declared the time of his coming.
Listen to the word, for it is the ultimate truth that Muhammad sent to us to teach us the important things in life.
I have returned from Mecca and I am grateful for the favor shown to me.
My heart aches, and they have a wound that is not healed. And they are troubled in their spirit, and they are grieved.
The person who is looking for something is going to the shrine to pray and also to get medicine from the traditional healer. Because the first person's problem is not yet resolved, he/she still says that they have not seen a solution.
The pyramids of Giza are among the wonders of the world that are tall and stand in the desert.
The ancient kingdom of Egypt was ruled by the Divine King D.M.Ŋ, and the Great Pyramid was the tallest pyramid built to house the remains of Pharaohs of old.
The pyramid is beautiful (the great pyramid is a wonder and a spectacle), the plains are vast, the valleys are beautiful and their arrangement is like the one at Totamegbadza, which is called "Giza Necropolis" in the great land of Egypt, in Bali.
The Great Pyramid is like the one built for Pharaoh Khufu, and the pyramids built after it, are constantly being searched for Khufu's treasures and his relatives.
The young violin player played "anyime violin player" as a staple, a nut, in the village, and he enjoyed it very much.
The tuning pegs are what are used to tune the violin, and the fine tuners are what are used to adjust the pitch of the violin when the strings are tightened or loosened.
He/She has been a violent person regarding tithing, constantly taking it, and has also been a violent person regarding the offering, constantly taking it all.
He/She will not give up his/her children to be sold, for it is against the law that children be sold, and so he/she will rather die than let his/her children be taken away.
The people of the kingdom were very angry, and in 1789, they deposed King Louis XVI, and also his wife, Queen Marie Antoinette, and their children (Marie Therese who is 11 years old and Louis-Charles who is 9 years old) took the King's mother, Madam Elizabeth, and brought her from Versailles to Paris.
He was driving the motorcycle, saying that while he was living in Paris, he was spending his days in the workplace and his family was supporting him with their prayers.
The situation is such that the Chief and the Queen Mother are in deep distress and their families are very worried.
Eva said that her big, beautiful house in Versailles and her palace in the Forest of Sand are even greater than this.
Go to America and get the things that are being sought, and from my own home, go to the Philippines, for the people of the Philippines are there.
They said they came from the axe-wearing people of America, and they have been spreading their stories since then, claiming that they get money from the gold that comes from the area where they were born, and that the gold that comes from the Philippines and the country where I am now, Wall Street, is theirs.
The family of those who come from Philippineto and are currently in the U.S. and working in the airport are returning home.
If you have been to the Temple and you have seen the treasures of your ancestors, you will find many things in your home.
The ancient roads from my ancestors stretched to the Titinakoko Kingdoms, which were European settlements in the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries and mine (1000-1300 AD).
Titinaɣeyiɣiawo and Gbãtɔwo are the same as Titinakɔkɔ and Ɣeyiɣiawo, and Titinaɣeyiɣi Mlɔetɔwo are the same as eya hã. These are found in approximately 1500 places.
Technology is increasingly a part of our daily lives. However, it is also evolving, and technology is being used with the help of information and communication technologies and the internet, which are increasingly being used in technology.
Technology's influence on communication has greatly changed the way we interact: technology's power has expanded the reach of global information, and technology now disseminates information across various platforms, which is why we are able to communicate instantly.
My dear friend, you said that our future is in the hands of the youth.
The problem is that the water is overflowing in my town and it is causing people to build houses on the shore, and they are digging very deep holes to collect water.
You know that the world is changing rapidly, and that is why we are seeing advanced technology in communication, which allows for instant communication across vast distances.
The initial stages of society were characterized by a lack of social organization, and the community lived in small, scattered settlements where they cultivated their own land; they later embraced the philosophies of figures such as Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel.
He did not want to go, and when others tried to persuade him, he stubbornly refused, and the old man who was in charge of the village gathered all the elders and told them that those who were causing trouble should be punished.
Although he is born in Paris, he is not of African descent, but of Constantinople, and is of European descent.
The project is currently at a cost of 400 million GHS and is expected to reach 1100 million GHS.
The people of Ewe live in a land of great beauty and have a rich history of trading and interacting with various groups, from the time they lived in Byzantium and its surrounding areas.
The trader bought goods and transported them from Constantinople to Paris.
He/She is giving his/her first 10 coins and his/her second 11 coins, and his/her third 14 coins.
He/She/It went to my house, and Byzantium's people gave me a very beautiful gift.
He/She took the sticks and the stones and said that the people who lived in the villages were about 25 to 30 people.
When the Titina's fruits are ripe, they are exported from Europe and their values are realized. The problem is that the quality of the fruits is not good, and some people are using pesticides that are harmful to their crops.
Ameɖokuisi-gbledede is a very old person who has experienced many things in his life and has seen many celebrations.
Ameɖokuisi-gbledede is a powerful spirit. It is very strong. It causes misfortunes and sorrows to befall me, and it causes problems and hardship to my children. It causes my enemies to attack me from all sides, and it causes my enemies to speak ill of me constantly in the community, so that the evil deeds that come from them are not hidden.
The problem is that it is getting too difficult to support the household with the burden of the children in the community.
They have finished their work and are going to their homes, saying that they will come and fetch their belongings and take them to their homes.
They brought a lot of food and drinks to the meeting, including fruits, vegetables, and other things, and they shared them among themselves.
Now, the voice of the Lord is like a trembling voice that causes fear, awe, reverence, majesty, the world is filled with the noise of many voices and the sound of many feet, and the glory of His presence is always before Him.
Truly, the world is full of people who try to obstruct your path and destroy your well-being, but a good friend who is faithful will always be with you.
The thing is, the way that person, whose heart is full of bitterness and envy, speaks is to constantly criticize others, always finding fault with them and trying to bring them down. This is the way of those who are given to evil, those who speak ill of others and try to harm them.
The proverb says, "A closed mouth gathers no feet." Some (those who are wise) are careful with their words and do not speak carelessly; but the words of those who are foolish, they cause great trouble and they are often used to manipulate people in order to get what they want.
He ate the sorghum and said that the small birds were flying near the house, and he went to the edge of the garden to get water.
When Wobui goes to his village, they welcome him; they say that his village is good and brings me joy in his houses.
When someone is ill and the illness is not due to a physical ailment but rather to spiritual causes, they should seek the help of those who have spiritual power (those who can deal with spiritual forces), because the spiritual forces of the body are often weakened by the spiritual forces of the illness, and it is often the spirit and the spiritual forces that cause the illness.
The first time we came to this village, we saw that the people here were very friendly and welcomed us warmly.
The old man said that everyone has a spirit and a body, and that some people are born with it, while others get it through computers, and some get it through the magic of the elder.
The little clip is what they say is used to move things to the computer and to do work, and they say it also helps others do things. It turns out to be a paperclip that is in Microsoft Office.
The computer is a tool that allows us to write and save information easily, and it also helps to communicate with people far away and access information from all over the world.
The people of Amebubu, who live in the forest and are known for their hunting skills, often go to the village to trade.
My brother has been visiting the village of those who have gone and has been sharing stories with them, and it is good.
The meeting of the chiefs of the Amebubuwo clan to discuss their problems and concerns was held successfully.
The head of the family, Deviwo of the people of Amebubu and the chief of the traditional council, is giving instructions, and the people of the village are gathered, eagerly awaiting the arrival of Deviwo.
The child is very good, he is Deviwo's father, the chief of the Amebubuwo clan, who is very wise and has been a good leader to his people.
The internet is a powerful tool for accessing information.
The internet has greatly changed how we communicate and access information, including watching videos.
According to Le kpɔɖeŋu me (James et al., 1995), the new generation's access to information and communication is primarily through mobile phones and internet cafes.
Le ƒe (1998) Eighmey, kple McCordn, kpɔe bena gomekpɔkpɔ kple ƒomedodowo nye ŋusedo nu yeyewo le esime wowɔ numekuku tso amewo ƒe nuwɔna ŋu le nyatakakadzraɖoƒewo dzi. Leighmey (1998), along with McCordn, defined gomekpɔkpɔ and ƒomedodowo as methods used in surveys to obtain information from others regarding their perceptions of various issues.
The video showed how they were opening the houses in their village, and they were giving out gifts to their relatives in the neighboring towns.
The spirit of the deceased tells me that you are someone who is brave and who has a good reputation, and that you will continue to be a blessing to me always.
Thomas Sacks, he has done so and is now looking for a place to settle, a place that is suitable for him, a place like Dukplola.
Egagblɔ says that he has done something to make it seem like he was a friend to you, but he is using his reputation to destroy your good name.
When a person has faith, they will see the great power of God manifested in the things they do, whether they are small or great. This is from childhood until old age.
The people of Domenyiŋusẽfianu have brought offerings of yam and other food to the shrine, and the sacrifices are being prepared at the shrine of the chief.
They came with their bags and walked from the village to my house and they arrived at my door.
The sheep's wool is a protein that is made up of amino acids that are extracted from the inner layer of the skin, and it is a good insulator.
Look, I have a lot of worries: little rain, severe drought, and wild animals.
The sun shines, and the fruits that have protein are found in the forest and in some of my trees, which are often eaten by primates and other creatures that live in the trees, and are kept near their homes.
It is not good for you, but the things that are small (grains, beans, cassava) are going to be put in the ground and will bring me nourishment because they will provide me with the amino acids that are lacking in my body.
He said that the things we are doing now are not good, and that our food is not enough, and that we are eating "protein supplements" like chimpanzees in the forest, and we are seeing them.
The children are playing in the yard, and they are making noise as they play and chase each other in the yard for about 10 minutes to 60 minutes.
He took a big piece from the garden, and as he was going, a snake appeared and bit him. He cried out in pain.
He carefully carried his possessions and left, but he didn't forget to take his goats and his clothes, and he said that he would return here to see them.
The market was very crowded (people were rushing, as if they were each trying to get the best price), and some people were fighting, as they were eager to get the goods.
He/She is always happy to be with me and my family, and his/her joy is always in the midst of our gatherings and celebrations.
She was talking very quietly, saying that if we don't work hard, we won't be able to achieve anything. Her parents and relatives are always talking about praise and good reputation.
He has given a small amount, and he gives it to me. You are not good, and you are always bothering me. His wealth is his legs and his broad buttocks.
Tibet is the home of Buddha's teachings, and Mahayana Buddhism has spread to India and its schools.
The people of Tibet and the Buddha's teachings are being spread. Kundalini Yoga, a powerful spiritual practice, is being practiced to awaken the innate divinity within each person.
In Kunfalini Yoga, the Kundalini spirit (the coiled-up one) is awakened through the practices in yoga, which purify the subtle bodies, and eventually leads to the manifestation of the divine spark within.
If Tibet is indeed the source, then Yoga is the true power. To have power that is always present, we must look within ourselves, and awaken the chakras and the energy that flows through our bodies.
Germany, you have reached your destination in Xexemeva, two days from now, as Russia and others from the distance are near and also the Americans are near. When I arrived, I was very tired, and my body and mind were aching.
The people of this village are very worried because the river has overflowed and is flooding their homes, and the chiefs of the Dome Nyavi village are calling for help.
It is now 40 years since the people left their ancestral homeland and scattered from the coastal areas, and the chiefs who left Africa went to Asia, Afghanistan, Cuba, and other distant lands.
The Great Flood occurred 17 days, on the 19th of 1939, in Poland, and the widespread suffering that you experienced was that you were forced to flee your homes and settle in refugee camps in Rome.
It was the 19th of December that the Soviet Union, with a population of 800,000, was in Belarus and Ukraine, and a large number of people were also in the vicinity of Poland at that time; they were also in the Riga Ghetto, where the Soviet-Polish War and the Great War (World War I) had caused immense destruction and massive losses.
The people of the Fudzuwo clan are being urged to gather their belongings and the various items they have, and to return them to their rightful owners, as they have taken the possessions of others.
My problem is that the people in the village say that you are the one who goes there and takes other people and their property, and sometimes you take what they have and say that other people and their property are also theirs.
The small village located at the edge of the forest where they used to regularly go to fish was called Cape Atlantic and its inhabitants were from Xexeame II. Americans used to bring goods and various items from the Atlantic Ocean and sell them in Britain.
The land is being destroyed, German destroyers, and the people are being uprooted as they try to escape the constant attacks.
They say that a little bird that sings is better than a big bird that doesn't sing, and that German, British, and European countries are all nations.
Edze, the story of the ABEs (10,000) and their migration from Zagros to Iran is mine.
When you have a problem, you should tell your siblings and we will discuss and solve it.
When the sun rises in the east, it shines on the mountains and the valleys, and it shines brightly, and the light of the sun is given to the old and the young and those who work hard. The sun's rays constantly chase away darkness.
Wotu Wagonmwo lives in England and has two wives and 16 children.
The chief is and has been in Waghnimwo for a long time, and since he was a child, he has been a strong leader and has always been respected by the people.
He said that the problem is that he is constantly putting me in difficult situations, and that he is always making himself seem like the one who is right, even when he is wrong. Furthermore, he said that he and his friends are always doing things that are contrary to what he says, and that he is always looking for a way to cause trouble for me.
They went to the house of one of their neighbors, and they started to eat roasted corn.
"We are grateful for your support, and the community is proud. In 1767, you built a house for them."
Mozozor has been ill and is now recovering, and he has lost about one million cedis in the process.
They are very happy and gathered together.
The Wokplɔi fossil is the oldest of the Australopithecus genus, and it dates back approximately 4.2-3.9 million years ago; however, it is believed that Sahelanthropus is even older, dating back to around 6 million years ago.
The situation is serious and my heart is heavy, my heart is deeply saddened by the suffering of those who have been affected by the conflict.
It seems like a big problem is happening to me. And it is that, my heart is filled with worry and fear, and I am afraid that the problem will worsen, and it will become too much to bear.
The issue is that the current situation, where the different factions are fighting over the chieftaincy and the elders are being manipulated by some individuals who are using the name of the chief, is causing a lot of confusion among the people.
It is said that the printing press, which was used to print the Declaration of Independence, was given to John Dunlap by John Hancock and Charles Thompson to print the first copies.
He/She will come to me, because his/her father gave 150 out of 200 and his/her words are like Donald's broadsides.
John Nixon has just completed the journey to independence and is now celebrating his 80th birthday.
The war continued with George Washington's army at the end of the 6th month, and they were victorious over the British army at the end of the 9th month. The troops marched to London at the end of the 10th month.
Donald strongly criticizes 25 people in the community. The elders are angry about what he said.
The earth is getting hotter, and the fossil remains of dinosaurs show that dinosaurs once roamed the earth. This is my observation of your findings.
I heard that dinosaurs existed, but I haven't seen them yet.
The world was once inhabited by creatures like dinosaurs.
He/She/It brought the chicken and the sheep, and the children were happy, and the whole community celebrated as if it were a T-Rex.
The competition is so strong that whoever wins will be given a house and a plot of land in the community, and they will also be given a brand new vehicle to use for transportation and for other purposes.
Go back to your village and tell them this: The first thing is that your words and actions are like small, sharp sticks, and they will pierce you.
Since the day I arrived in the village, I have been looking for a good one. But because the good ones are already taken, I am looking for a good one to take as my own.
If I have a problem that is bothering me, I usually tell someone about it.
The cow is walking slowly towards the pasture because it is looking for grass.
The people of Nudzodzoeŋutinunyalawoe have abandoned the Nudzodzoegblẽnu and are now going to live in the forest because they have destroyed their homes.
My community has been going from the beginning of the year to Abatime-Nudzodzo, which is Nudzodzo from the top to the bottom.
The assassin's actions caused people to fear their own children, and their actions were so wicked that they were driven away from the land.
America is a big place, it has 400,000 schools and many universities, with diverse people and cultures.
The doctor is showing that my sickness is not my fault.
Nugͻmekuku is going to be Ms. Dͻlele, and the people are coming to celebrate her coronation.
Srotwo ate a small amount of yam and gave it to me, and he said he would bring more.
The young man who left with the chicken is now bringing the chicken and is looking for his friends.
He is going to, he will remove the obstacles and the things that are in his way, and he will seek out strong and good things.
The problem of the increase is that you have brought the things that were meant to be brought to the increase, and therefore the problems of the community are in your community as well.
Ema deeply feels the pain of the heart and the suffering that is in her soul because of the scriptures.
I am a servant of the Lord; I have diligently studied the ancient wisdom of the elders, and I have learned it from the Latin version of the Bible.
Aristotle's teachings were considered to be the basis of knowledge, and from there, other disciplines arose.
Abe, he is very clever and resourceful; Anyiehetu is always searching for and gathering knowledge from Greek sources.
He gave the chief's horses and other things, and the servants who followed him, they all went to the village to ask for the goats that had been taken from them, and they were told that the chief's children were still in their infancy, and that their spirits were still weak.
The person who is diligent and strong, with a good heart and a beautiful smile, always seeks to help others and to make friends.
You should not abandon your home and say that your homes are being attacked by a person who is looking for a small, hidden place to hide and destroy your entire family.
Hershey's Kple Chase, the genome sequence, is a genetic marker that can be used to trace the ancestry of nuts and identify their origin.
Hershey Kple Chase, the virus is spreading among our neighbors.
Wow, the world has become very difficult because of the use of radioactive phosphorus and the mixing of substances, and also because of the mixing of metals with radioactive sulfur.
The first child went to visit his/her grandparents and brought them gifts, including clothes and other items, and then gave them food to eat and drink, and also told them that the eldest child would come to visit them again in the near future.
When a person is in trouble or facing difficulties, they should seek help from their relatives and friends, and they should not be ashamed to ask for assistance from those who are more knowledgeable.
The reason why the small ones are being taken from their homes and brought to the Dzodzo shrine and remain there constantly is that they are destined to be sacrifices, and they are given food and drink.
When I think about the things that are happening these days, I see that there is a lot of deceit, greed, hypocrisy, and a lot of betrayal.
The source of the red-bellied tree-pit ape, along with the orangutan and gibbons, is Borneo.
It is true that it is true, people have taken my possessions and my property and they have taken my children and they have taken my grandchildren and they have given them to other people.
The goat was moving quickly through the forest, carrying a large load of firewood and a bundle of sticks.
The problem of open defecation is a serious issue of public health that affects the life of the people in villages and towns, as well as the health of their livestock and the environment, and it is from this that it originates.
I have given my attention to the matter and I have also considered your words carefully. I have also come to the conclusion that it is better to be quiet.
The spirit of the dead has come to me, and the ancestral spirits are gathering from their places, bringing forth their wisdom and the foolishness of their failings.
Why did the milk that flowed from the cow not come to the water it was poured into, and did the one who created things not create my thoughts as well? Why is it that the little ones are suffering greatly?
Traffic congestion is a major problem with the city's roads and the city's people who are stuck in traffic and also the pollution from vehicles.
The road is blocked, and traffic is backed up because people are arguing over the land boundaries, and they are fighting constantly.
Indeed, the world is full of people who are strong in their traditions; but many are easily swayed by traffic and the influence of those who are not related to them.
Be careful because traffic is heavy, and his/her/their heart is troubled: (1) because of that, (2) because he/she/they called me, (3) a small concern.
He/She/It doesn't like to go to the market and to the farm on market days.
The cloth and the thread are all in my bag. The cloth is so beautiful that when you look at it, you think it's a big, sparkling jewel with many colors.
The spirit is with you and it will protect you from those who want to harm you.
She is preparing a cake and she is about to eat it.
The situation is such that my relatives are seeking to establish a new ancestral home.
The story that was told to me is that the comet that appeared in the sky was named after Aristarchus, and it was said that its tail was very long.
I have heard that the problem in the village is that people are not happy; because the council of elders has given the responsibility to the chiefs of the various clans.
Milk that is given to me is good, because it helps my body to grow strong.
Amazonia is such that the forest is lush and the animals and birds are abundant. The fire spread from the forest and consumed 8 acres of the forest.
Amazon doesn't have a specific place in the community.
My mother went to the market to buy 20 bags of rice to sell at the Amazon market.
Amazonosis in the region is 6,387 (3,980 male). Most of them live in the forest.
The Togbe's palace is a pyramid with many steps, and it is as tall as the Great Pyramids of Giza, which are among the seven wonders of the world.
Egypt is suffering from a severe drought, and the lack of water is affecting the growth of crops and leading to a significant increase in food prices.
The population of the district is 800. It is a district located near the edge of my town.
The people of Vatika are visiting Italy and bringing gifts.
I am going to Italy and then to Latin America to study.
Vatika has a relationship with the Roman Catholic Church.
Someone has been spreading rumors in the village, and because of that, they are trying to use those rumors to harm me, but they are also spreading other false stories about me and trying to cause trouble for me.
Nunyala said to Aristotle that he was very wise and that his words were like honey to the ears. His words are indeed true, and also contain wisdom.
Indeed, the reason why things are always like this is because whenever someone is in trouble, they often seek advice from those who have experienced similar situations, so it is said that people often seek solutions from those who have overcome problems.
Gakpo is always with his elder brother. The problem is that it is constantly troubling him.
You should return calcium and potassium to your body.
Alloi ate the fruit and gave it to me, saying it was a gift from my friend.
Now, the way I am speaking, I am telling you that the time has come for the people to be united in peace. Therefore, the words of the people are that the way I am speaking is...
He brought his small, beautiful children and they were all placed in my arms.
The tongue is a powerful thing, and its power is great.
They are saying, the power of the people will overcome the power of the gods, and the people will be strong.
Fifia, I have finished using the computer and the other devices, so I'm going to start working now.
I have done what I said to you, and the things that were stolen from my mother's house have all been returned.
The fission bomb works by splitting heavy atoms like uranium into smaller parts, releasing protons and neutrons that then cause further splitting, creating a chain reaction.
He is very careful and avoids trouble. His own life is worth more than the life he has taken.
When I was a child, I used to help my mother carry things from the market, and we would carry them to our house in the evening.
He/She is carrying things with the help of his/her hands. His/Her hands are strong.
He collected some thirty and seventy and used them to make one hundred and twenty-seven bottles.
She is saying that she has been looking for her husband in the market all day.
She is very happy that she has come to my house to share her joy. She also said that her little ones are going to come and see her.
They say that those who are not careful will eventually lose what others have earned.
He/She is showing off his/her wealth in his/her village, boasting about the things he/she has acquired in the city.
The chief of the village has come and spoken to the people of the town, saying that he has come to find out what they are doing and that he will give them gifts of food and other things.
The "Big Five" needs of Maslow and Hertzberg's two-factor theory are being discussed.
It is true that a person's success is determined by the goals they set for themselves and the determination they have to achieve them. Therefore, whatever seems difficult to you is easy if you are determined to do it.
Dounula also brought the things that you asked for, including clothes, shoes, sandals, and some small gifts for me.
Now, if you ask me what is happening, and his younger brother who is coming from the village is carrying a calabash with something in it to the chief's palace.
If you are able to do it, then the beautiful thing is that the community and the individual are getting together and going to the chief's palace.
No one has the strength to fight against the evil that comes to our land.
If you are worried about something, it will make you restless and anxious, and it will weigh heavily on your mind.
It is a shame that some people, despite being well-educated, still behave like children and act foolishly.
Wow, your house is really big, it doesn't seem like it has enough rooms for the people who live there.
According to Larson and LaFasto (1989, p109), the root of the problem is that there is a lack of understanding of the role of the speaker in their own development.
The man who went to the market and bought bread and a goat, and who also returned home and told his family, brought news of the market.
What is the reason why a person who was born with a very small mouth has a mouth that is wide? The reason is that we have a tradition of giving gifts to those who are suffering.
If you are tired, please rest and let your body be at ease.
He said to me that, because the world is full of people who are seeking their own advancement and neglecting their families, we should strive to be good examples for our people at all times.
Greetings! I have come to meet you and I have brought gifts for you, saying that your problems are many and your burdens are heavy, so I have come to bring relief to you from my heart.
Angel (2006) stated that the success of a marriage depends on the couple's ability to communicate.
Atike and Akpa went to the market to buy some clothes for their relatives, and they brought some that were woven with beautiful patterns.
The child is not breastfeeding, and her milk is not coming out of her breasts, which is causing her great distress.
She is very wise and she has the ability to use her intelligence to achieve her goals, and she also has people around her who support her.
He said that in order to resolve the dispute between us, we should work together and find a solution.
The one I have in my hand, along with small stones and dried leaves, I will use to crush it, and the things that are crushed will be placed in my house.
The chief says that the age of the young people is now in AI, competing with the young people's ability to create and develop, which is AI, and it is spreading quickly in the world, especially among us.
Your ancestors have seen the greatness that came from me; I am a treasure to AI.
The elders, the youth, the women, and the children have decided to build a school, a church, and a hospital.
Now, if you want to be able to see the beautiful things, you must work hard.
Fifia, looking for food, I have taught the children and young people about AI and its applications, since I came I have been using it with computers.
The most important thing is that the child is well. Besides, people often say that their life is determined by their family's wealth.
In the midst of the struggle, the small one is seeking a way to overcome and succeed. The young people are also in their places and their homes, and they are going to school and participating in their communities.
The woman is preparing a meal of fish and cassava from the forest and also a stew of snails from the bush.
Let me tell you, the school where I grew up is the one that produced Bennet Suua in California, and the people there are always talking about his childhood, and even though I am older, I still see children there who are very playful and sometimes they don't respect their elders.
The chief said that the clans of the villages there have come to ask for a leader to take charge of them, and that their chiefs and elders have agreed to a meeting to discuss the matter.
Esi is a very good person, and she is hardworking and always willing to help others, and she is a good friend and a trustworthy companion.
The children are taught both oral traditions and practical skills, and they learn to use these skills to help others in their communities. This is done within the context of their family and social networks (Toto, 2004).
The teacher is happy that the children are studying because they are attending school and are learning from their books.
The proliferation of media, including the internet, has made schools and their resources accessible to students in their homes and beyond; and have provided them with a variety of learning opportunities that are linked to their personal interests (Oravec, 2002).
Ottawa is a city in Canada, and it has a beautiful landscape with forests and mountains that are beautiful to see and to visit.
The problem of the missing child is like Niagara Falls, and it is as if the water is pouring down to wash away all hope.
Now, we are going to discuss how the people of Canada and their descendants live.
He has been searching for a good person to help him, and he is looking for someone who can help him.
He traveled far, and now his children are in Africa and America, studying in Canada and the US.
Africa is experiencing a significant increase in the number of people returning to their ancestral homes.
Madagascar has been experiencing persistent earthquakes since the tenth day of the month.
The story of Tomekpe is about the kings of the forest, who were also kings in France, and one of them was killed in battle.
Many Arabs have embraced Islam and have settled in Comoros and Mayotte.
Europe was discovered when the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama sailed from Cape [Good Hope] to India in 1498.
It is known that the desert is in the Sahel, and the forest is either the Atlantic or so.
Proverbs: Though the one who is a servant is the one who is often beaten, he should not despair, for there will be a time when he will be elevated.
The man says that you are (a) good person (and) you are (a) child of the family (or) you are related to the family.
The elders have decided that the village's welfare is not dependent on you, but that you go home.
I have come to ask for your help, and I believe you will help me, (so please listen to my words, and understand me).
Tosilâ Berber from Casablanca, the old one, was saying to me that Phoenicians, Romans, and Merenit people had established a settlement there, and that the documents found there were from Anfa.
Portuguese visitors came and brought something to the White House and told me that they had found something in our land that happened in 1755.
Morocco's road, it leads from there to Daru I-Badya and the Spanish sitsalawo (railway) goes as far as the desert and then to Casablanca.
Casablanca is in Morocco, and its people are very friendly.
The Medina cloth, which is woven from cotton, raffia, palm leaves, fibers, and other various materials, is used to make headwraps and other beautiful garments.
Goma is located in the Democratic Republic of Congo and is close to Rwanda.
The earthquake that struck Nyiragongo came to me from Goma in 2002. The following year, the Tomeba Xodzoa (earthquake) also struck the country.
Once upon a time, there was a tortoise who lived in the forest and carried all his belongings on his back. He traveled from his village to Kivu Nyiehe and met me there.
You have returned from Nyiragongo to bring back the endangered Mountain Gorilla from where it was taken in Africa.
He went to Goma (walking quickly) and exchanged some Congolese Francs (500 and change).
When I was small, I used to hear stories of the great city of Timbuktu.
They say that Timbuktu is a place of great learning, and that it is a place where people come from far and wide to study and seek knowledge of God.
In 1990, the government made efforts to improve the lives of people in the villages by building schools.
Many people watched the Henry Louis Gates’ PBS special Wonders of the African world.
Two of the things that are commonly found in Arabic and are also found in African countries.
Kruger National Park (KNP) extends into South Africa and Mozambique, and also into Zimbabwe, with its borders being along the Zambezi River.
Pakia has an area of 19,500 km² and is located in the southern part of the country, on the coast.
Some of my relatives come from South Africa and they work at South African National Parks (SANParks).
In South African National Park, elephants often gather near the waterhole.
The person who was born in the village of Fefe Gbalevi from the area of Kpekpe went to South Africa and is working in a park there.
The Hong Kong Dome is a place where people gather to watch and enjoy various events, and it is a place of joy and celebration.
When I went to Hong Kong, I saw the beauty of the city and Victoria Harbour.
Be careful when you are in Hong Kong; the Tōdomekpea is located near Kowloon waterfront.
Hong Kong is a very beautiful place and its people are very hardworking.
They are British people who came with their bags and have settled in their own places and are living well, they are our relatives and are indeed our brothers and sisters.
The Sundarbans are a large forest and are known for their mangrove trees and the diverse wildlife, including the Bengal tiger, which has been declining from 80 (50 male) in Bangladesh and India.
The Sundarbans was newly designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is India's largest forest and a part of the Sundarbans National Park.
Listen to me carefully, the people of the village, the first batch of students from India have arrived and are ready to study.
Sundarbans is an area of 3,850 km², and it is primarily a mangrove forest.
In 1966, the Sundarbans were declared a wildlife sanctuary, and its area was 400 square miles and 30,000 square feet.
I have to go to the market to buy things, so I will be at Jakar/Bumthang between 6:30 and 7:30.
If you take what is good for you, then you will have a ticket to enter heaven and be with me.
Japanese are very skilled in using their knowledge and wisdom to make decisions.
I have returned from Mozambique, and I have also been to Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200) and I am well.
Oyapock Tɔsisi is a border that separates those who buy and sell goods there. It is located in Oyapock, which is in Brazil, and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock, which is in French Guiana.
Starting from the 2010 census, the population was 83, the area was 378 square kilometers, and the population density was 3.50 people per square kilometer.
The congregation was 15 members in 2011. Others moved to Tedoze in 2017.
I have heard that the situation is worsening in the Anyɔnyɔ area, in 2017, and some people say they have been sent to Brazil and their children are living in a difficult place.
Guaraní is your mother tongue, and you have been living in Paraguay since your childhood. They are a peaceful people, but they are always concerned about their own problems.
The big, loud lion that is from Chaco land, who is Guaycuru and Payaguá, whose strength is in the wild, whose bodies are covered in scars.
The people of Africa, 16 of them, came to Paraguay, and they said, "The New World is" to the kingdoms and colonies of Spain, and they brought gold and slaves from my homeland.
The elder of the family has given me a beautiful gift.
From the year 1537, Asunción, Paraguay, was a great and flourishing city.
I watched Argentina's football match with great excitement here.
Go to the house of the elderly and tell them that I am coming, from Las Cañitas.
He/She/It is very wise to avoid the path that leads to my difficulties.
He went to the Association Argentina de Polo to return tickets for a trip to Hohoe.
The currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland pound (FKP), but their currency is also the British pound sterling (GBP).
They have agreed that the small church in the village of Stanley, in the district of Ewe, will be renovated by the FIC foundation.
The British pound and the CFA franc are exchanged with the American dollar continuously in Stanley.
The market is very busy today, and people are exchanging foreign currencies, buying British pounds and American dollars; all of this is because they are exchanging money.
The weather in the Falkland Islands is very cold, and the fog that comes will be close to the ground.
He said in Montevideo that he had problems with me, and that some people are now speaking about my past, and that some people are now speaking about my past.
Montevideo is hot if you call me; the temperature is 30 degrees Celsius and it is very humid.
He said, that is why he was able to be a leader; sometimes he would go to the forest and gather herbs, and his wisdom and understanding were known to all.
The boy and the girl are very good friends: the boy loves his sister and always helps her.
The chief is a constant friend to me from childhood until now, and the ancestors are those who are always with me in the spirit world, and I say that you, my children, are the ones who are constantly following and supporting me.
He/She brought his/her coins, and they amounted to approximately 100 yards/meters and 25 yards/meters, and they were collected on the day of the market.
If you have a problem that is very difficult, difficult to handle, and with problems of the heart, and also with problems of the mind, the ability to understand and also with problems of the body.
It is the truth that all people have a right to life, and that the right to life is a fundamental human right. Therefore, we should work together to protect and preserve this right, and to ensure that it is respected by all. This is a solemn vow, and we must always remember that the right to life is intrinsically linked to our dignity and our humanity.
It is a shame that some people are still using sticks and stones to beat their children, and they take small amounts of food from what I have gathered and give it to them; and indeed, they are very cruel.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. The population of Upolu is approximately 40,000.
Around the year 1850, my ancestors left Samoa and settled in New Zealand in 1959.
In Melidze, there was a great famine in 1889. The population then migrated to Germany, America, and Britain, where they established communities.
They were very sad, and they went to Britain to get money. America and Germany contributed $200 each.
The royal ancestral spirits came from Mau-habobɔ and greeted me, and some people followed me to the palace, and because of the time of the ceremony, Tupua Tamasesẽ Lealofu III died.
Because Auckland is a beautiful place, I miss it a lot. I often think about you.
The rains fell (the rains in Harbour town) over the Pacific Ocean and reached Long Bay and reached Devonport.
We are going to the market to buy food for ourselves. The return journey is very long.
Tamaki Drive extends from Waitemata Harbour, passing through Mission Bay and St Heliers in Auckland.
Indeed, all the good things of the world are given to people in different times. Troubles come in small amounts.
My name is not something new; it is "Xexlẽmedzesi Gbãtɔ), but I am still young, and my reputation will grow. My family name is from the stool and is "Mantra".
French wine is good, but New Zealand wine is more preferred.
The chief brought the food to the king, and he said that it was a gift and that it would be eaten gradually.
Australia has a coffee called "ghi gbadza". The most common type is 'espresso', and then cappuccino which is made with cream (a mixture of milk and froth), and they also drink tea.
Koko is going to the diaspora in Belgium. I have been looking for you constantly.
I have already taken my things from the market at the gate, and I want to say that the children are at the gate, so please don't disturb them.
The problem is that the common causes of illness are found in the villages and in the cities, and the diseases that are prevalent are these illnesses.
The story of Jelly-Lã, who was a chief and lived in the towns and villages, is from the history of the Fon in 1770. However, your descendants are now scattered in distant lands, and they are few and far between.
The rain is falling, and it is not yet raining heavily. Some people say that the rain is still a little far away.
The chief of Lowo, after I came, said that the problem from the beginning was the young men of Rockhamoton who were always causing trouble.
When something happens that is not good and affects us, and someone's sickness affects us, it is said that they have done something to make someone else's fate be as if they are suffering from a disease.
He is indeed wise, for he has seen the power of the sun and the strength of the mountains, so it is said that he has learned from them and has become wise from what he has seen.
It is true that the rains have fallen and the earth is moist, the rain has fallen on the fields and the young plants are growing, and the water is bringing forth a great harvest of crops and fruits.
They say that the person who is known to be very greedy and who always takes what belongs to others (according to the document).
He was very busy working and also had to go to the market to buy something, and he said the market was very crowded and that many people were struggling.
When the moon is full, the people of the village go to the forest to perform rituals, and the people of the village believe that some of their ancestors have been transformed into snakes.
It is true that the first person to arrive at the meeting place was the one who had already prepared the material for the construction of the fence.
The spirit of this place is strong; the ancestors have been watching the way you come and go, and they are deeply displeased that your deeds are not pleasing to them.
When the yam is ripe, they harvest it and store the ripe yams in a well-ventilated place.
She is working hard in the Baltic region, and she is also doing well in her studies, but she still has a long way to go to achieve her goals.
They say that the young person is good at reading and writing, and they are very skilled in using computers (or technology).
It is true that the strength of the tree is in its roots, and that's how it gets its stability and where it comes from. It is true that enemies and those who are not friendly to you often come from close to you, and they try to take away your possessions.
Here's the English translation of the Ewe sentence: "Now now, the rain is falling, and the little birds are not singing, because they have gone to their nests to rest."
There is a place where people go to seek healing and spiritual guidance. Many people come from far away, and they are all gathered together to worship and pray.
He is a man who has not been able to find what he is looking for, and he goes around constantly looking for it, but the good thing is that God has given him a full heart.
He is seeking a way to get rid of his problems, and he often feels like giving up, but he strives to be like asphalt that is continuously being smoothed.
He brought firewood and charcoal, but he didn't come to help me gather them.
The reason for their delay is that they are worried about the impending disaster and how it will affect their families.
He is going to the market, and the money he has earned is enough for him to buy food and other things. The small children are also gathering around the firewood in the forest.
They went on a safari to see the diverse wildlife of Africa.
They went on a safari and saw the wildlife, and they also observed the diverse cultures and lifestyles of people in different parts of Africa.
Good morning, the young and the old have come to the village and they say that they are looking for food because they have nothing to eat.
Today, children, the elders and the young people have gathered and are all together here to seek advice from the wise ones.
Those people are coming to my house (they say "take me to the palace", "the people of the palace are already preparing many things for me").
We started our Fefe from here and went to Gbita Dukɔwodzi, then from Deasiamime's 24th market to Anyɔnyɔ's 5th market in 2021. We visited our brethren in their churches in Japan.
Tokyo hosted Asia during the Olympic Games, and it won gold medals here in Tokyo in 1964.
In 2020, the government decided to partially lift the restriction on the movement of people, and things started to improve.
The 2020 Tokyo Olympics were a significant achievement for Siamlɔm, who won gold in the 2020 Games.
The price of the tickets has been reduced from ¥2,500 to ¥130,000, and individual tickets are now ¥7,000.
The situation is very serious and it affects all of us, because if we don't act, we will all be affected. The problems of the nation are seen in the various villages, and as we go, we find that people are not living in their own homes.
He/She is bringing the message to me, and the news is spreading from where it came from, it's possible that it will be carried by the wind, but it will still be delivered.
The child did not understand because the words were too difficult for him (or her), as if he/she had just come from a faraway place, and therefore he/she was very confused.
The small bird that lives in the forest is looking for food, and it flies around constantly in search of food all day long.
He/She used to feed me, saying that someone had come to my house, that they had been there for about twenty minutes, discussing things, and that they had been there for a long time before leaving.
It is not good that you take a woman to bed and then try to abandon her, and she is left with nothing, but she remains in the house and speaks of what others have done to her.
The market is very busy today, with people coming from far and wide to buy goods.
The old man was very wise, and he had a strong heart, for he was very calm, and his words were often a comfort to me, and he would also tell stories of the old days.
The woman is going to take her things from my place, and she will also take some things from my family, and she will also take some things from my friends, and she will not hesitate to take my possessions.
The purpose of the new market is to bring goods from as far as five towns away to sell at a reasonable price.
The chief instructed them to collect the herbs and bring them to his palace along with tobacco and other valuable items.
We arrived at Point Marion near the Fairmont dome and the excitement of the Buffalo-Pittsburgh game was palpable, as it was a major source of joy for many.
He quickly ran and they all followed him, even though, even though the amount of water in the bag was not enough for the small distance; the water was plentiful in the bags of the people, and the people were carrying it as if the large amount of water was poured into a large container.
The journey from Edze to Soseme is approximately 35-40 kilometers (56-64 miles), and it is said that the road from Edze to Soseme is the same road they used to take.
It is said that the rain in the forests of Ghana is like the tears of the people, and it falls heavily in Pennsylvania Wilds.
Germans are very industrious; they live in Bavaria, they earn their money and save it; they buy goods from Africa from far away, specifically from Austria.
The market is very busy today. People are selling fruits like mangoes, apples, and cherries and plums are also being sold near my house.
Almond, hazelnut and cashew nuts, I brought them from Ghana to Germany. I also drink coffee and eat all kinds of cake.
I have been longing for a certain type of bread that I used to eat in my youth when I was in Berlin, called Pfannkuchen or Krapfen, and other similar pastries found in the town where I lived.
Take this now and give it to your parents, relatives, and friends, and let it be known.
Curry ate the squirrel, and then ate another squirrel; he climbed into the squirrel's hole.
My father and India are in Pakistan, and whenever I go to the market, I buy yogurt and curry; I also buy things that are sweet and that are used in ceremonies and celebrations.
On February 17, 2000, 17,000 of my people were sold as slaves in Indonesia, and our ancestors came from this land and distant villages to reach me.
If you have a problem that is very difficult to solve, then it is best to seek advice from someone who has knowledge and experience in it, such as a Java programmer.
The people of Javatɔwo cultivate all kinds of crops. They also grow vegetables and fruits in their gardens. The crops they grow include yams, chili peppers, cassava (which is a type of cassava specific to Javatɔwo) and various vegetables.
The elder of the village speaks, saying that the youth have become too bold and are disrespecting the elders.
She is always using money, and she gives a lot to those who are in need, and the money she gives often makes you feel happy.
He told me that the money he had and the money he was saving were all spent in the market, saying that it was like a little bit of something that was given to me. He said that the small things he had were all given to others who were with me.
It is good, the dollars they were keeping in the trunk are now coming to me to give you a portion of what they have.
Evelia, the precious days are passing quickly. Listen, the English people are saying that you are old and that the silver in your hair is being used.
Bali, I have traveled and seen the beautiful mountains of Chile, and I have also seen the Yosemite in America with its beautiful waterfalls and forests.
It is not good when others take what belongs to you and steal it repeatedly. Those who take from me repeatedly are like those who take from the forest until it is completely depleted, and those who do this will eventually suffer.
The chief of Togbegome has declared that the issues of the past, including the disputes and conflicts that occurred in the past and were caused by the actions of those who were taken away from their homes and were brought here with their families and their possessions, should be addressed.
The elder of the family, whose wisdom is known throughout the village, said that the sign is "like a bird flying towards the forbidden sacred place that is in my house."
Snodzifefe is indeed a problem. There are many Snodzifefe who are working hard to get out of the 5000 D.M. (currency unit) trap!
The Togbe of the family, whose lineage began in 17me, and in 1861, migrated to Australia with a large group of Togbe from Norway.
The chief of Akpetevi has declared that the people of the village are no longer allowed to gather at the village square, and anyone who disobeys will be banished from the town.
He says that the problems of the world are because people are selfish and greedy, and they are obsessed with wealth and material possessions, and they are busy with power struggles and territorial disputes, so they are constantly struggling. The problems are indeed deeply rooted in people.
It is a matter of time; what is coming will come, and it is a matter of time that we will all die.
If someone has been stealing a lot, then they will be caught; and a wise person will not try to deceive me – that someone will have a large amount of money and different kinds of possessions in their home.
Europe is a continent with its own (history, with its own past and present), where I am currently living. Some say it is worth traveling to, because it has many historical sites and magnificent places of worship.
The Schengen area and all the countries that are part of it are very beautiful.
He/She/It is looking for me, but he/she/it doesn't want to give me the tomatoes that I harvested.
He went to my place, and then the Schengen authorities came and asked for my documents. They kept asking for documents, and because I was nervous, I kept fidgeting, and it seems that the officers were looking for reasons to accuse me.
I have heard that the people of the village are waiting for the annual yam harvest, and they are celebrating. The people of Adzɔgaxɔdɔƒe, who are about fifty miles from here, have been celebrating for 100 days.
If you are a person who has lived in both the forest and the city, then you have seen how people who are from the same place have gone to America and Europe.
They said that the people of the town were very angry because they had been harvesting crops for five consecutive days, and they were going to come to my house.
You, people of the village, have been watching me closely since I came from the village, and you are constantly looking at my clothes and my entire body, and you are judging me harshly.
The chief is not something one simply takes; even the daughter of Samia is coming to give me a greeting, and those who are just relatives, those who are close and those who are distant, and those who are not relatives, are all called my people.
The world is changing, and the voices of the young are becoming louder. I am grateful to be here in Sápmi, especially as a Sámi person.
The term "Gypsy" that Roman people used to call them is not a proper name; it is a derogatory term based on the way they lived and the various nomadic and diverse lifestyles of those people.
He is very anxious because the thing that happened today made him worry, and he began to think about the problems that might come from the actions that resulted in his being humiliated and the problems that might come from his future.
He/She brought the clothes that my relatives gave him/her from a far-off place, and his/her relatives also brought gifts.
It is said that American missionaries went to spread the gospel in Europe and Arab countries.
The problem with the place is that it is very far from where we live.
The weather is very hot, and the sun is scorching; it is so hot that it dries up the ground and makes the plants wilt.
My heart and mind are saddened that some people, because of their greed, are taking away the wealth of others, and are using it for their own benefit.
My heart is heavy because of the problems that have befallen me, and they have reached a point where I am afraid, because even though I am in the house, my heart is filled with thoughts of my troubles.
The spirits of our ancestors, the elders, the wise, those who lived before me and the hundred years, are the spirits of our fathers, the spirits of our fathers, which are the spirits of our people and their spirits, and the spirits of their ancestors.
The spirit of my ancestors from the land of the dead has come to me with a powerful and wise message, a message of truth, a message of healing that will bring great joy to the people.
The problem is that the one who is strong doesn't live in the house of God, but in the shelter of his own spirit, and the one who has a strong heart.
He is a good person; he is a good person who always does good deeds, and he is always happy.
Someone has created an internet page that allows you to find the address of a person or a place.
Yes, it is true that the seed that we planted many years ago, we have seen it grow to a great extent, and it is now bearing fruit, and it is giving shade to those who are sitting under it.
It is true, haha, that the first group of 2 is at the first place and the second group of 5 are at the second place, and they are all looking for food in the forest, haha, and they are all gathered together as if they are discussing the matter.
The elder brought the elder's cloths that were woven and sold in the market, and the elder gave the elder's possessions that he had acquired in the forest to him.
He is a very powerful person who is always in the middle of things, and people look to him to help them when they are in trouble. He has a good heart and is always willing to give advice and teach others. He is always busy with work.
He is very eager to tell you that the problem we have is that the situation we are in is that they have been looking for a way to get rid of the problem that has been affecting the growth of the country.
All the things that happen in the morning are seen by the birds as they fly to the forest and then to their nests.
What happened to you and your family on that day, when we were at Anyɔnyɔ 11th, 2001, and the church?
My people, listen to what I say, for I have come to tell you that there is a problem among you, and you are constantly fighting and arguing, and you are tearing yourselves apart. You are neglecting the wisdom of your ancestors.
The people of the village have given a large portion of their land to the people of the neighboring village, and they have also given all their farms to it, and they often go and visit them.
Even though the path is long, and the journey is difficult, the one who is wise will not abandon the path of wisdom, and will not abandon the goal of obtaining wealth.
If you are looking for something, go and look for it yourself, for no one will give you what you want, and if you find it, do not boast about it, because it is the work of God.
If you are truly wise, you will listen to me, for the words of wisdom are in the heart of those who have experienced life.
He was very happy when he heard that the thing he had been looking for had come, and he said that he was going to go to it, because the one who had been searching for it had said that his children were tired.
My elder brother is doing something with a pot of water and a small container in the compound (my elder brother is looking for something). It doesn't take long, and he will be happy.
She is making preparations for the market, going to the market where she will sell the things she brought from her home.
They went to fetch some water from the river near our village, and they filled their calabashes and carried their water to their homes.
When a person has a problem, they often look for someone to talk to, hoping that the person will listen and help them. It is often the case that the problems of the elderly are kept in their hearts.
Another day, the people of the village said that the young man and his relatives were going to the market and were carrying goods from the farm.
The pyramid is very tall and its base is made of stones that were brought from the mountains.
My father and mother built a pyramid for me and used stones to build half of it, and they invited me.
Truly, the laws and the customs of the people are gradually disappearing. Small and large huts are being replaced by houses made of concrete.
The people took their belongings and went to the town where they had been staying for a long time, and they were given a large share.
He is building houses at the base of the pyramids and the pyramids themselves.
In 1819, the Anyiehe Shetland Ƒukpowo was awakened, and it is said that the people and their livestock were all in the area. In 2020, the population of the area was 16.
The river flows from the foot of Mount Afadjato, for a distance of 120 kilometers. The river's mouth is King George River, and its source is Villa Las Estrellas.
The trick is like Livingston. The trick is from the heart of the small, hidden, very cunning, and deceptive thing that is done.
Ellsworth-Nyigba is originally from the Ƒudomekpo area, and is from Bellingshausen 'Tsiaƒu, which is xlã.
The road from Afi Sia to where they receive the Gbadzaa (likely a local product or offering), then the Gbadza road, goes to Ellsworth, which is 360 kilometers long and in Minnesota.
Antarctica has the highest peak in the world, namely Sentinel Flidzi-Towo, also known as Vinson Massif, and its peak is Vinson Top, which is 4892 meters high.
The elder spoke, and others said that the satellite was also transmitting to you, but the signal was weak.
Yes, it is true that satellite communication sends signals from your location to the satellite, and then the satellite sends the signal back to you.
It is true that the problems that are created by the way people use the internet and social media are affecting the thoughts and feelings of people.
He has been patiently waiting for the right time to speak and he is carefully considering what to say.
The family is having a big celebration and they are preparing their best clothes to wear to church because they have been given a gift of a hundred cedis.
She was born in a small village near a school, and she often used to tell stories about how she had been studying hard for the past half a century at the university, and she was a good student.
The situation is like this, that there is a certain problem that is happening to me, or that a big problem is coming to my place and it is near.
It is true that the family who lived in the village has been struggling with poverty for many years.
Finland is called "Land of a Thousand Lakes" due to its numerous lakes and archipelagos.
The archipelago is connected to the town by a long, winding road.
The Togolese archipelagos are known for their beautiful beaches and abundant seashells, and the beaches are often crowded with people.
The Tordju Kuku is a very popular dish in Finland, and many people enjoy its taste.
Esia has been to Norway, Sweden, and New Zealand, as well as visiting friends in the Netherlands (my favorite place is to be by the sea).
Baltic Todziwu, who lives in Petersburg, Russia, has returned to the place where the water is salty.
She said that if the children are allowed to go to school, we will use the small canoes to carry the goods to the market.
She is a woman who has been experiencing difficulties and struggles, and all the challenges of life (as of 2009).
They have come to study in Berlin, and they are seeking better opportunities. They have come from far away, Berlin and the whole country, and Berlin has become a place where they seek education and good prospects.
The spirit of God is powerful; it has the strength to destroy strongholds and everything that makes one think it is superior, and it dismantles every argument and takes away every false pretense. It makes people wise and understanding, not those who are foolish and ignorant.
Eight men went to look for him and told him: "We searched everywhere and still found nothing of his."
My heart is heavy with sorrow, the spirits are deeply troubled, and even the great ones are weeping, because they have abandoned the ways of their ancestors and are turning away from their land, causing the ancestral spirits of the community to be displeased.
Indeed, the problem is that people are constantly taking their children away from their natural upbringing, and this is very wrong. The best thing is to raise children in a good and stable environment, and to ensure they have a strong foundation of knowledge and skills from a young age.
When a person has good spirits and good luck, and also has good friends and good relatives, the one who has them is fortunate.
When you have finished speaking, you will hear a little bit of what is being said, and you will understand our words.
The child is already in the village, and they are all celebrating with joy. God has shown me that the child has been given to a great family, and they have always cared for him.
It is possible that the person is going to the market to buy things, but they are worried because they don't have enough money to buy everything they want. (Because recently, things have become expensive, and they are struggling to make ends meet).
Listen carefully, this is a warning. It is said that the king's palace was attacked with fire, and they all ran away and the people who were in the palace, and those who were in the villages.
When you are done, the story that I have told is that my spirit has been freed from the bonds of this world and it goes to the spirits of the ancestors to make joyful noise.
It is said that God gives blessings and possessions, and that one can earn dollars to bring home and buy a good house, and also have a good reputation and a peaceful life.
Moldova is a friend of Chisinau. It is also a neighbor to Romania and has close ties with Russia.
Moldova is a small country that has a lot of beautiful places.
Since 1994, Transnistria has been a territory in Moldova that is not recognized; it declared its independence and has since been self-governing.
Moldova has been a friend to me, and I have been a friend to it throughout the world.
Orthodox Christianity is a minority in Moldova.
Izmir is a city in Turkey where about 3.7 million people live. Many of them come from different places and live in Istanbul.
Someone from Smyrna, I deeply love you. If someone brings a small gift from their village, I will give it to you as a token of appreciation.
Togbe is a place where God has sown seeds from the Mediterranean Europe to Turkey, where they also plant crops like maize, peanuts, and 18 varieties of rice, and Muslims also have their places of worship and mosques in the large town.
We went to Eysturoy to see a group of people who were at Haldarsvík.
They are looking for people to work in the markets and in their homes.
They are always taking my things and going away.
Sintra, you have been chosen to go and take your place in heaven. Lord Byron used to write poems about the beauty of nature and the joys of life.
Scotturb bus 403 took me from Sintra and it dropped me off at Cabo de Roca.
My friend, I told Fatima that I am a student and that I went to Maria's house and I was there until the end of the day.
The child is always afraid, but he/she is the one who invites his/her peers to come and share the bitterness of the way others are treated, and they are often cruel to each other.
The spirit of our ancestors and the spirits of those who have passed away are always with us, and they are always present in our thoughts and in our memories.
She has been taking medicine and eating well, and she is recovering. Many people in the village are praising those pastors.
You are very important to me and I value your love and care.
Catalan people are known and Barcelona is a city of great beauty. Some of us say that Catalans have a different way of life. Others say that Spanish is.
The people of Catalangbe are always very happy to come to my house and share food.
He is showing his goats and sheep to the neighbors.
Wowɔa a great ability to understand languages. I can also translate text from Spanish, English, French, Arabic, and Japanese to Ewe.
The group is made up of students, teachers, and parents.
The chief is not easily offended, even when people criticize him in Paris, because he knows that people are always looking for things to complain about. He says that his people are very clever.
They are located near the coast and are known for their abundant mangoes.
Plitivice Lakes National Park is a destination for both humans and wildlife, with its landscapes showcasing a blend of alpine and Mediterranean ecosystems.
It is said that those who seek God's will and do good deeds will not fear calamity or disaster.
One is afraid and does not like the ways of others.
We have traveled to Europe successfully, and there, we have seen cities, countries, villages, and people who are like us.
He/She/It is always seeking to cause problems for me by spreading rumors and lies.
The market is full of people and they are all trying to get a share of it. Because of this, when the market is crowded, people from the market will come to you.
No matter how much you try, you cannot hide your own future from the spirits.
We have seen the great things that God has done for us, and we praise Him with our mouths. Surely, His wonders are numerous. God is great and deserves our praise.
Major cats are very cunning, and they (always) accompany me to Europe's great cities.
He/She/It went to the market and bought some onions, tomatoes, and some very ripe bananas, as well as bread.
The elder of the family has said that the spirit of the deceased is not yet at peace and has not gone to the ancestral home.
It is important to be careful when you are among strangers and avoid revealing your secrets.
The spirit says that we must take our time to understand that the past is always with us and that it has a way of influencing our present and future.
The situation is very difficult for me, but I am trying to get a job as a cleaner because I heard that there are many jobs available for people like you.
The chief of the village, having been informed that the person they call "my brother" is the one who is causing trouble and spreading lies.
Indeed, it is often said that when a car is heavily damaged, it is better to scrap it.
He/She/It is preparing food.
Because the man was troubled, he said that the time had come for the people of Nasarawa to return and that even the people of Persia had been troubled in their own ways.
He says that the reason he's so quiet is because he was born in a Romance-speaking area, and he says he was born in Portugal.
I return to Spain and I have heard that Portugal is also looking for people to work in the field of agriculture.
He said that the problem has been present since childhood and has been a cause of conflict among families and communities.
Esi's problem is that her small sister often follows her and interferes with her work, making it difficult for her to concentrate on her studies.
They have brought the news that the whole town is looking for me and that the people of my hometown are praying for my safety.
The story says that the woman's clothes are made of Japanese fabric, and it costs 8 million cedis.
China is gradually becoming a major global power, and its influence is expanding to many countries.
My family and I have been working hard and I have successfully completed my studies in Japan.
Atiwo's family and friends gathered in large numbers and said "We will soon find a solution."
They went to the market to buy some food and said "the end" as they left.
Singapore has a dedicated team who have been working hard since they arrived and are doing well. They are now preparing to leave.
The chief said, "The child is a source of joy to the family, for it is born to bring happiness to its parents and relatives."
You have heard how the people of Hebron were called by name, from the time of the Bible, concerning Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their descendants.
It is said that the water flowed from there to Hebron, then to Kiryat Arba in the lands of Judah.
He/She is always willing to help others.
The floodwaters reached up to the ancient castles along the Loire and Rhine rivers, and the water was used to cultivate cotton in the villages along the Danube and Erie Canal.
My family and I go to the market for food and clothing.
Christmas is the time when we celebrate the birth of Jesus.
We, as people of God, through Christ's sacrifice, have been given the freedom to call others to Christ and to share the good news with all the nations of the earth.
One day I went to church and I felt a strong spiritual presence.
The spirit of Christmas dwells in the hearts of people as they give gifts and visit relatives and friends.
The leaders of the church have gathered with the people of our village to celebrate Easter, commemorating the resurrection of Christ and his victory over death.
The woman is going to the market to buy something for herself and her children.
The strange thing is that, even though all the animals on Earth are similar, the bird you see there is like the finches that are found in the Galapagos Islands.
The giant tortoises that are found on the Galapagos Islands are able to live for a long time, and they use their shells to protect themselves from predators like humans, dogs, cats, rats, and birds.
The polar bears and the Arctic to Antarctica journey is a long one, and they often have to swim to reach their destination.
It is very rare to see the Aurora Borealis with the red and green lights dancing in the sky.
She said that the people of the village, together with the people of the town, have been suffering from the terrible traffic congestion.
The spirit of Japan is a strong spirit that is found in the land where they live, and its influence is felt in the music and dance.
The problem is that the provided Ewe sentence contains some unusual or possibly misspelled words, making a perfect translation difficult without more context or clarification. However, based on my understanding of Ewe, here's a possible translation: "The issue is that the children's love and affection, and their respect and care, are for their parents and their family." **Explanation of choices and potential issues:** * **Wodoa awu siwo nye...**: "The issue/problem is that..." (Note: "Wodoa" and "awu siwo" are not standard Ewe words, and the interpretation is speculative.) * **dɔwɔɖoɖo ƒe awu eye...**: "the children's love and affection..." ("dɔwɔɖoɖo" seems to be a combination of "dɔwɔ" (love) and a reduplication suggesting intensity, and "ƒe awu" means "of/belonging to"). * **dɔwɔhatiwo yɔ wonɔewo kple ƒome ŋkɔwo alo kple dɔ ŋkɔwo**: "and their respect and care are for their parents and their family." ("dɔwɔhatiwo" means "respects/cares", "wonɔewo" means "parents", "kple" means "and", "ƒome ŋkɔwo alo" means "the family" and "dɔ ŋkɔwo" means "to the family"). **Disclaimer:** This translation is an educated guess based on available information. If the Ewe sentence is from a specific region or dialect, or if you can provide more context, a more accurate translation might be possible. Also the words wodoa awu siwo and dɔwɔɖoɖo are not common in Ewe and their interpretation is speculative.
The children are playing together and are having fun as they gather around the large tree, and they are all happy.
The people of Dɔwɔlawo are gathering from their homes to collect grain and they say that you are present in your home, among your relatives, in every way.
