He said that the people of the village traveled a long way to find water, but they didn't find it, and they were very thirsty.
Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of law at Jam Dal-ha̱u-thiɛ and Yali-pakth, is currently at the University of Ottawa, Canada, to deliver a lecture on the role of the judiciary in the advancement of human rights.
He said that the people of the area were waiting for the arrival of the medicine, and that they were anxious/worried about the severity of the disease and the lack of proper treatment, and that they needed to get the medicine quickly to save lives.
The Nobel Committee in Stockholm, through its media office and Radio Freedom, and the committee, have announced that the Nobel Peace Prize for 2016 will be awarded to the Colombian government and the FARC rebels, for their efforts to find a peaceful solution to the conflict.
He said, "My heart is very sad. I am troubled and I am worried, and I am also afraid because I don't know what will happen next. And I am afraid because I don't know the future. I am very worried about the future."
He/She is a strong person, CEO of Ring, Jemi̱i̱ Thi̱-mi̱-nɔp, and he/she is working hard to achieve the goals of the community, and is well-known and respected by everyone.
My house is very far, but I need it for my work and WiFi.
The return of the first generation of learners in 2013, who participated in the Caak Tank method, is a significant step towards strengthening the Nuer language and its use in writing.
In 2017, Thi̱-mi̱-nɔp appeared on television, specifically on the QVC channel, to promote local crafts.
The leader of the people of Dinka has asked me to deliver this message, and it is important.
The disease has spread rapidly in our community, and many people are suffering from Ebola, which is causing widespread fear and anxiety.
Antibody cocktail, Zabb, and Nim can help fight the disease and its symptoms, but it can cause side effects like nausea and vomiting / or fever, chills and aches.
He was walking and he saw a palm tree, and he went to the water to drink, and he sat down in the shade of the trees to rest and eat food and drink.
The news that the USA has sent athletes and officials to the Olympic Committee and athletes and officials have gone to the Olympic village is a great honor for the people of Nuer.
I am going to the USOC to collect my payment, and I am also going to see the doctor, and I will also go to the market to buy food for my family. I/we have been waiting for the news, and we are anxious.
He has been seeking a job in the USA and he is looking for a good one to support his family, because he is a hardworking person and always wants to do good things. He is Larry Nathar, and he is a student at the University of Nebraska at Omaha.
The news is being reported by the USOC, and it is a big problem for the people, because it is a matter of a certain group, and it has caused a lot of stress for the people who are affected by the news, because it has affected the lives of those who are close to them, and it is a difficult situation for them.
In 1960, President Dwight D. Eisenhower met with John F. Kennedy and Lai-don B. Johnson at the office.
In 1976, Carter Company, a subsidiary of the National Security Agency (NSA), used the Kuocni Juri system, and it was implemented in the Cuum region from 1977 to 1981, under Henri Kithinga.
It was the NSA, whose mediation led to the Camp David Accords, 1978; the real escalation of the US and China relationship in the 1970s; the Iranian Revolution, and the overthrow of the Iranian Shah, 1979; and the Soviet intervention in Afghanistan, 1979.
He is a teacher, and he is teaching Rayan Göthliŋ and Emma I̱thto̱n about the category of dialects.
The young man went to the market and he was looking for a strong and active man.
He is a technician in the Directorate of Cinematography, Film Editing, Sound Design, Original Soundtrack, Editing, Sound Mixing, and Original Soundtrack Implementation.
The government is looking for a skilled person (a person with experience in education) to work at the Ministry of Education, and they are seeking someone who is knowledgeable in the original language. Applications will be accepted until July 26th, and the study will be conducted in the university.
The people of the world are worried, and John Kurt Merkem and Donald Trump, as the head of the secretariat, are trying to do everything to help the US and its people.
The people are angry that the war is causing hardship for the people of Turkey, and for President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turki tried to join ISIS, but he was rejected and later went to Europe and was involved in terrorist activities.
They are worried about the future of their children, and their heart is filled with sorrow. They are also concerned about the lack of peace, and the suffering of the people is increasing, and the situation is becoming very difficult.
He/She/It is a good person and a wise person, and a respected person who is also a diligent and hardworking person and a skilled craftsman and a good provider for his/her family.
You are a good person. I am happy that you understand the problem.
He is looking at the people with sorrow and shame, and he is embarrassed, and he feels deeply that his actions are not right – because his actions are wrong – he has lost his way and is seeking forgiveness and reconciliation, and he is ashamed of his behavior.
He is now walking and I am looking for him/her, and I am worried because I haven't seen him/her for a long time, and I am afraid that he/she might have been robbed. I am looking for him/her everywhere, and I am calling his/her name, hoping that he/she will hear me.
He is looking for a place to rest, and he wants to go to the market to buy food for his family /his children.
You are forbidden to go to the school in the area of Gadhiantep, or to Turkey, to look for someone who can help you, because that person is lying and deceitful.
She brought books and she is studying at the school.
The people of Bolithni̱ are suffering from the malicious actions of Daɛc (ISIL) and are constantly being killed.
I am going to the market to buy things: I will go to the market to get things for myself, and I will also buy some food, and I will sell them.
The people of the Dinka region are currently experiencing hardship due to the lack of food, and many people are suffering from malnutrition.
In the name of the small number, the small thing is a magnetic force that attracts and repels.
He is angry, and because of that, he is not speaking to anyone.
He is a child of the land, born in the mountains of Tibet, and he comes from the border region of Nepal and is related to India.
The 802.11n router operates on the 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies.
The device is equipped with Wi-Fi technology, supporting 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g, enabling wireless data transfer.
The device's Wi-Fi is 802.11n, and it's working well, able to download and upload files with a speed of up to 600Mbit/s.
Dubal, I am very grateful to the people of the United States, and I remember my father, who was a student at Miller, and how he always desired to learn.
Miller said, "It is very important to be careful and to pay attention to the details...because even a small mistake can cause a big problem."
"We have been experiencing a significant increase in the cost of living, and the impact on our economy is evident in the GDP growth, which was 2% in 2020 compared to 2005." Hu says.
You have been given a chance to improve your life, don't miss the opportunity to learn from the economic success of China.
If you are going to the market, remember to take water because the journey is long and you will be tired, and you will need water to quench your thirst.
What is happening in the world? "Because I am in trouble, come and let us stand up/be strong together, because the world is strong and the future is strong."
The meeting between the government and the opposition will take place at 12:00 GMT today.
I am going to the market to buy clothes and shoes for my children, and I will also buy some food for myself, because I am hungry, and I want to eat something good.
The recent reports indicate a strengthening of the conflict between the Dinka and the Nuer, and it is a source of political tension in the Middle Nile region.
The report indicates that the situation in Iraq is extremely serious, and the conflict is deepening, creating a sense of insecurity among the population.
My family and I support the diplomatic initiative that aims to establish a strong and lasting peace in Iraq, and we hope that the medical and humanitarian aid provided by the United Nations will reach those in need.
Then we traveled from Argentina and Christian Fernández de Kirchner to the city of La Plata, and we covered a distance of 50 kilometers (32 miles) towards Buenos Aires.
Mrs. Ki̱cna, the person who was in the play "The End" at the Argentina Theatre, told of her experience and the challenges she faced in producing the play, which was performed in the province of Buenos Aires in 2005.
The people of the Nuer tribe are gathered here, and they are waiting for the arrival of Katriina, the angel of God, who will bring the good news of the coming of the Lord.
The children are playing with a ball in the yard and are very happy, as they are enjoying themselves. They are playing and having fun, and they are happy in Washington.
You are going to the market and you will buy a goat with the money you have.
I am going to the market to buy salt and other things for my family, because it is very expensive now.
The elder said that the people of the village were going to Rome and they were bringing back stories that were very interesting.
He went to Italy and got a job, then to Poland, and now he is working in a place where he is respected.
He said that the FBI agents were looking for me and that they were searching for my whereabouts and that they were looking at my phone, and that they were looking at my computer files, and that they were searching for information about my involvement with the organization and that they were really looking for me.
The organization was talking about the impact of the 2005 financial crisis and the FBI's seizure of 10 websites distributing pornography.
Röbin Uthappa was born on the 70th day of the rainy season, and he was buried in a grave with 41 relatives and 11 friends, and 2 people attended the funeral.
He is the one who is known to be a great player, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, both of them are good players and also both of them are good friends and have a strong bond.
The battle was fierce, and the captain of the India wickets took 36 wickets and 7 runs in the innings.
Kuäär U.S. and Jɔc W. Buc traveled to Singapore to attend the 16th conference of the European Association of Cardiology.
The Prime Minister of Singapore, Lee Hsien Loong, has returned from a trip to Singapore.
He/She/It is a good person who always helps others in need, and Buc (the chief) praised him/her/it greatly.
The Pyramid of the Great Leaders, which was built by the people of the Nile, is a significant place, and it is a place of learning and of national importance. The government has allocated 25 million Sudanese pounds to the Rewlätni and the NDP Jak Lɛytɔn, and it is for the PMO.
The leader has declared that the environmental conditions are very bad and the PM, referring to "the situation is dire and urgent," announced the Contherbét party's environmental program.
The people of Kummɛ Pëdi̱ral have brought a valuable gift to the government of Tasmania. They have also established an MP office, and the people of this area are grateful for the support and assistance they have received from the government and the Kur.
The world of Pyramid Manager John Yaword has been released and is now available to the public, and it is a new and exciting game that will keep you entertained for hours. It has been developed by Tasmanian and costs $45 million AUD.
He was saying that the work of the teacher was difficult, and he was worried that the lessons would be too much for the students. He said that he wanted to go to Pagö Pagö and Niue.
The people of the Thiɛlɛ area have been suffering from a severe drought for many years, and the lack of rain has led to widespread food shortages, causing many people to migrate in search of food. The drought has also severely impacted livestock, and the people are appealing for assistance from the PTWC (presumably a relevant organization).
The father of the village is angry that the boy has gone to America and is studying in a school; he is worried about his future.
Kuäär U.S ni̱ Jɔrgi̱ W. Buc ɛ nhɔk ɛn läär ëë ca lat raar. This is a difficult sentence to translate directly without more context, but a possible translation is: "The U.S. and George W. Bush's decision to increase the price of cattle is regrettable."
The President of South Sudan, Salva Kiir Mayardit, has said that "we will not tolerate any further attacks that target the people of South Sudan or the people of the Republic of Kenya."
The people of the coastal regions in the Atlantic World, Tropical Forests, are struggling and suffering in the Atlantic Ocean and the walɛ.
The National Youth Organization (NHC) has a program that helps youth develop skills for work and life.
You have been chosen as an engineer to build a bridge across the river, and your work will be evaluated based on the strength and durability of the structure.
On the ninth day of the month of Jen Wɔrd, my wife and I traveled from the city of 20 pits to the village of Gwarrikken Katrina, and there we saw the construction of a large house – a house that was built with great care and skill.
The person who took 100 cattle is being searched for.
The administrator of the Adom Kuerden region has initiated a meeting to discuss the problems and challenges faced by the Wikinothni people.
"He [Waaleth] and I went to the market and bought some things. Later, my mother and I went to the village to visit my relatives. However, the journey was long and tiring, and we arrived home very late."
The community's local leaders and the people have expressed their concern that the millions of people are increasingly being influenced by media that spreads false information.
The current method is theoretical; the world of programming and the implementation of a guide can be done by the Thagitteriöth community.
The people of the Dinka tribe have come to my village and are teaching us the Daan language, and I am happy about it.
He told that the drought in the Wii̱muɔ̱ɔ̱n area was severe, and the people suffered, and the Dääk Ɣɔaa clan and the Thagi̱ttɛri̱öth clan were affected.
He took the cattle and goats to the market, and he sold them for money and also for cloth, and he spent the money on food and other things.
The people of the world are united in their struggle and we, the people, are strong and dignified in our unity and in the face of oppression, and we are also a political party striving for the liberation of our land.
Television is a source of news that we watch to learn about the world.
He has already finished taking the cows to the market and is looking for someone to help him carry them, because he is too weak to carry them alone, and his legs are tired from the long journey.
The radioactive elements, including iodine, were taken from the nuclear agent of Japan and were used to treat the sick.
He returned, carrying the message that the people of the area had been waiting for, and he brought news of the government's decisions, which were good and brought happiness.
Dr. Toni Moll has detected Extra-Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the KwaZulu-Natal region of South Africa.
He said that the people of the government had gathered in the meeting and were discussing the displacement of people from the land and the creation of settlements near the river.
Dr. Moll, after examining the patient and reviewing the results, said that the patient needs to return for further tests and follow-up.
The young man went to the market, and I took 10 cows and 15 goats to trade for a house.
The current situation is that XDR-TB is spreading, and it is a serious problem that threatens the health of the people; 6,000 cases are reported in the Central African Republic and up to 330,000 cases are found in Southern Africa.
Currently, the price of a bag of maize is 1,000 pounds, and a sack of flour costs 17,500 Nuer pounds, totaling 491 Nuer pounds of Wecmuɔ̱ɔ̱ni.
You are going to the market to buy something to eat for your family.
He brought the cattle and sheep to the market and sold them for money to the people of Wiccmuon.
The United States Strategic Command, or US STRATCOM, has provided assistance for the relief of victims.
I am looking for information on how to access the website.
The doctor told Duelwaal Gan'ä to go to Punitthaibania and that he was very honored and that he was a good person and that he was a doctor and that he was a respected person among the Ögiö.
Dr. Malar Balathubramanian, 29, from Blue Aci̱, Öɣi̱ö, has been working with me for 15 years, and has significantly contributed to the development of T-carti̱, which is used to manage and track livestock.
The woman's daughter is helping me with my work, and we need materials for a project that will cost about 500 pounds.
Gua̱th emɔ, Ken Cua Pua̱ny Dɛ En Tharöja Balathubramanian jiek, 53, caa kum kɛɛ pa̱ta̱ni̱ ti̱ ca bil-kɛ riɛm. This sentence translates to: **I am worried that Ken Cua Pua̱ny Dɛ En Tharöja Balathubramanian, 53, will not be able to complete the work.**
The man with the white shirt is walking and carrying a stick, and he is going to the market to buy goats.
You are welcome to come and see the wealth that the ancestors have given to the Kornyoot people.
She is a good person to live with, for she is kind and she is a good woman.
The people of Juaath, who live in the Indian village and have a strong connection to European culture, are now experiencing hardship and are seeking refuge in the forest. We, the elders of the village, are welcoming them and offering them support.
The government has spent millions of dollars on the conflict, but it hasn't brought peace and the situation is getting worse.
He/She/It is going to the market to buy a cow, and there is a problem with the fence/enclosure because the livestock are escaping and the herd is scattering, and the owner is worried about the loss.
In 1956, Ithlania came to Sweden, and since then, the history of the people has been told, and we have received help from the Swedish government in our struggle for the rights of the people.
People in the area of Thiilɛ gave 1,000 cattle to the government in 28 days.
The person spoke, saying that the chief of the village had died and that the relatives were searching for a suitable replacement, so they had sent a message to the government requesting assistance. Thank you for the information.
"The 1,000th copy of my book "Let me meditate" is a Kua̱r I̱thwedi̱cni̱ publication, Debit Klöker Eɛreni̱thtraɣl, from the year 2000, and is recorded in the Guinness World Records."
The government is providing financial assistance to eligible individuals, with a maximum of $5,000 to $100,000 Canadian dollars.
The cattle are grazing in the field, Gibthon and his relatives are gathering at the edge of the forest to fetch firewood.
She is going to the market, and there are 64 people who are selling various goods.
The rain has stopped and the sun is shining; it is 1200 GMT and the weather is good.
"You are asking about the future of the Nuer language, and I am saying that it is facing a great challenge and needs to be preserved."
Ken is a good person among people.
The development of the Nuer language agenda, which is being done with the help of Wecmuon in the form of a research group, and the use of technology for the creation of Nuer writing system in the form of a digital dictionary is underway.
You are welcome, my friend. I am very happy to see you; I have been looking for you and missing you a lot.
He is asking that you return only what you borrowed, and that you give back the things you took from me, and that you don't continue to lie and deceive, for you have become very dishonest.
He is going to take the cattle to the market and he will exchange them for grain/money.
The people have gathered and are looking for the letter in the envelope, because they are waiting for the letter to arrive and then they will be happy, and they will be celebrating with great joy and the sounds of music and dancing, and they will be waiting for the arrival of the news.
He said that because of the hardship and suffering he has experienced, he has had 40 times to try to get out of difficult situations, and he has become strong in surviving difficult circumstances.
You are welcome to return to your home and start building your life, and I will give you a good marriage/husband.
From 10:00 to 11:00 MDT, the patient will be examined and then given medication.
If you are sick, you should seek medical attention because your condition is serious and it could lead to death if not treated.
It is 11:35 AM.
In 1963, the government of the Sudan declared that the people of the Nuer, who were living in the area, were to be dispossessed and their land taken away, and they were given a small amount of money as compensation, but they were not satisfied.
He said that the cattle are all dead because of the disease, and that the children are now scattered around the house.
When the sun sets, the cattle and goats that are grazing are being watched by the herdsman, and the herdsman's work is difficult, he is tired and he is going to sleep.
The child’s play is to chase the chicken and the dog, and they joyfully run and play with the ball and with the pebbles in the dirt.
The leader is very happy that the problem has been solved and we have a good opportunity to work together. The leader has been working hard in Jakarta and is a very good representative, the leader has a strong character and the earthquake had a magnitude of 6.5.
If you are in a difficult situation, and you have a problem that you cannot solve, seek help from your relatives and friends and ask them to advise you because they are knowledgeable and have experience.
The people of Winprey are very happy and they have a lot of cattle, and they have also built a good house.
The child is playing with a stick. The child is also happily running around and making joyful sounds.
The people of the Nami region are very angry, and their anger has spread far and wide. They are seeking the help of the Prophet, hoping that he will intervene and bring peace to this land.
The people of South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO) have returned only to establish a government.
He is a very good person; he is a kind person who always helps others and is respected by everyone in the community.
She has given me a lot of advice, but I don't listen to it and I walk my own path.
Go back, my friend, and tell them that we are waiting for you here, and we will be watching for you.
The people of Mangola, the people of Thien Province, and the people of Buon Puolapua'any Wecmuon, all have been displaced and are seeking refuge in their own villages.
Gamlo̱o̱ŋdɛ ɛn Medi̱thin Thɛn Prɔnti̱ere Ri̱caardi̱ Beerman said: "Angöla, your strength is like a cup that is filled with the knowledge of the ancestors, and the power that has been passed down through generations is like the strength of Angöla." And then he left.
The people of the village gathered, and at 10:00 am, they went to the market to buy food. They walked and walked, and the sun was already setting, it was 7 o'clock in the evening, and they were returning home.
The people of Thoto, Africa, have been talking about the floods in Zambia for 26 days - 00 hours, and 5 days have passed since the rain stopped.
He quickly went to the market to buy food, and then went to South Africa to find a good road and to see his relatives.
He is a powerful man, and his actions are known; his enemies are afraid of him, and those who oppose him are greatly troubled and fear the power he possesses.
The fire in the house of Am-tadam, where I heard about Anne Frank, was a very sad thing, and it made me feel like I was going to die. I was very sad and the fire spread quickly and consumed everything.
I am going to the market to buy some clothes and shoes at the international market, and I will buy something to wear.
The book was published in the Nuer language and titled "Nyieemanikiɛn Da̱ŋ Ba̱rɔw", and it has 100 pages or 250 (328 or 820 words).
My people, the news that came from the government is that they have decided to close down the school because of the conflict, and the children are returning home.
He is walking a long distance to get water because the water here is scarce.
He has been very busy lately, working hard to build a good reputation and to be respected by others. He is a citizen of the United States and works for the Government of the District of Columbia as a member of the Nhiam Ɣɔa Duel Gɔ̱rä Arizona team, located in Pulag-ith-ta̱p, Arizona.
Okay, here's the translation of the Nuer sentence into English: "Go to France, and you will find that the people there are very educated and have a good understanding of their culture: you will see that their knowledge and skills are valuable, and that they are capable of achieving great things, just as we are striving to do in our own country, and that they are respected and admired worldwide."
I am afraid of the dark and the loneliness, because I am afraid of the power of the spirits that are in the darkness, and I fear the power of the spirits that are in the dark and that are causing problems.
This is a difficult sentence to translate directly without more context, as Nuer sentence structure and nuances can be complex. However, a possible translation is: "He/She/It went to France and spent a long time studying; he/she/it is now learning a lot." **Explanation of potential ambiguities and choices:** * **"Buɔ̱n ŋuɔ̱tni"**: This literally translates to "He/She/It went". The pronoun is not specified, making it gender-neutral. * **"ji̱ France la"**: "to France". * **"kɛn ɛ la go̱o̱r"**: "and spent a long time". "go̱o̱r" implies spending time, and "la" indicates duration. * **"ɛ lɔ̱ŋ ɛn ɣöö dëë ŋuɔ̱t guɔ̱ɔ̱r"**: "studying; he/she/it is now learning a lot." This is the most complex part. "lɔ̱ŋ ɛn ɣöö dëë" likely describes the act of studying as intense or diligent. "ŋuɔ̱t guɔ̱ɔ̱r" implies learning. * **"kɛ kui̱ kuëny"**: "and is learning a lot." This reinforces the idea of ongoing learning and development.
In 1988, the people of the town of Yorke experienced a severe drought, and the crops failed, leading to famine and death. The people of the town of York suffered greatly, and many died of hunger. They appealed for help from the government and other organizations, and they received some assistance, but it was not enough to save everyone.
The people of this region are very strong and have a lot of knowledge, and they are always eager to learn and do good things. However, the people in the far regions are becoming stubborn and are no longer willing to listen to advice or follow instructions.
It was an ASUS Eee PC, which I bought in Taipei IT in 2007, and it was very small and light, and I used it for work and study.
I bought a laptop at the computer lab and used it to do my degree, and I also bought a new ASUS laptop which I bought in Taiwan in 2007 for 2000 Yuan, which was exchanged for US dollars in China.
He said that the people of the two tribes were fighting over the land, "The people of my tribe are struggling and suffering, and they are being killed and dying because of this conflict!"
I am learning to use the internet to listen to radio programs on Radio TogiNet, and I also listen to radio stations.
In 2015, TogiNet and AstroNet Radio helped me a lot with my studies.
He/She is very angry that he/she had to travel to the United States of Texas.
He is angry that his brother has gone to Bishkek for studies/education.
He said in Bishkek that we are going to the place where the beautiful people live, and that we will be happy, but we are worried because we have not yet found a good place to live.
He was very angry that the man with the white hat had killed his livestock and stolen his possessions.
The Australian national rugby team (the Wallabies) defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby match, and the Royal British Legion defeated the Australian national team, the Australian team.
They (the Nuer) were worried that the All Blacks would score a lot of points, 21 to 20, and the match ended with the All Blacks winning 15 to 8.
The Springboks are good players; they are strong and compete fiercely.
We are happy to support the All Blacks; we are proud of the victory we achieved.
They are going to meet with the team to see the matches of the Springboks against Australia in Johannesburg.
The meeting of my family and I with Council Chairman Muon-tana will take place at 10:08 p.m. at Jiëc La̱t.
The Nile Learning Center, in collaboration with the Office of Learning and the Institute of Small and Medium Enterprises, is offering a training program in the United States (USGS).
He walked from Dillon to Butëë, a distance of 20 km (15 miles), and from there 65 km (40 miles) back.
He said that the disease is spreading and has affected many people, H5N1, which is a dangerous disease and is spreading like wildfire, and I am going to Jiec Lat, the chief of my father's lineage, to seek help from Lyon Kuic Purành.
Piranha are now found in the rivers of Europe and have also been taken to Austria, Germany, Poland, Bulgaria, Greece, and Italy.
The virus, specifically H5N1, has returned to the Kora-Ciaa and Den-Mak areas, and is causing many deaths.
The hunter and the lion said, "The world is ending, the earth is shaking, and the people are being scattered like millions upon millions of grains of sand."
Cëmbath, branch / a twig, a small thing that is in the forest, said "the forest is alive" and the forest said, "A branch is a part of the whole."
He/She was born in France, I like Camille Saint-Saens, and I love the song "My Native Land is Like a Flower of Japan."
He is a good man, and he always tries to do good things, and he always wants to do good things with all his heart, for he has a good heart and is a man of honor among his people.
Ram, I heard that Dueel and Newt Gingrich, along with Tek-thath and Rick Perry, have chosen Michael Bloomberg to support their campaign, and they are also targeting the vulnerable, as their influence grows.
He is going to the market to buy goods, and then he will take them to the Roman area, and then he will sell them to the people of the market, and then he will go to his home.
Pëëri said, "The location of Tek-thath is where the story of the people is told, and the people of the village have been living in it since the year 2001, after the destruction of Paay Kɛl, and the area has been facing drought for a long time."
He went to Ameth I̱th-thöröö and Pay Bädäk, and he brought a lot of goats and cattle.
He is a student at UCLA, and he is studying hard.
Okay, here's the translation of the Nuer sentence to English: "It is good that the world has seen what he has done. He is a singer, Justin Bieber, and he sings "You are beautiful" and his songs are played everywhere, and his fame is spread far and wide."
He/She was looking for news on TMZ, and then he/she saw a report that the rebel group Bolith Wec Caarä Kali-pɔr-nia had killed a lot of people and destroyed a lot of property, and it was a big tragedy.
He went to the market, and there he bought a new cloth with money and received a lot of praise.
He is going to bring the cattle to the grazing area, and we will follow them to look after the cattle.
We are going to the village of Nedhe-lan, and we are going to Ana Jocem-then to see the Super-G race in Finland, where Katja Saarinen will be competing.
Regarding the matter of Mitchell Gourley, the reports were completely false and fabricated, and the people were deeply saddened. Regarding the matter of Dhɛc and Öl-ri̱c Jeli-nek, the reports were completely false and fabricated, and the people were deeply saddened.
The Nuer sentence translates to: The event in Mexico featuring Arly Velasquez was won by him/her/they, and he/she/they achieved a good result in the Super-G. The event in New Zealand featuring Adam Hall was won by him/her/they, and he/she/they achieved a good result in the Super-G.
Poland's heart, I have a great desire to see the small, simple house of Mathieej Kirę-dhɛl, and the house of Anna Ogarzynska, and to visit and learn from Thupa-G. The Korean heart of Poland, I have a great desire to see the new world of Jong Thiok Pak, and to visit and learn from Thupa-G.
In the year 2010, the UN conducted a study that showed that the spread of disease was linked to poor sanitation and lack of clean water.
The people of the Dinka and the people of the Shilluk, who have been suffering because of the conflict, have requested help from the United Nations, and they are asking that the government of the Republic of South Sudan, and the new government of the transitional period, take action to resolve the conflict and ensure the safety of the people.
It is a great story/tale that was told, the people of the land told me that the children who came to Haiti were those who were taken and brought back in the year 1800.
He went to Haiti and then he went to Nepal, and he returned, and he is now in the UN. He is working in Haiti.
Greetings people, the UN has sent a letter, and I have heard that there is a conflict between the Dinka and the Nuer people, and it is very sad.
The people of the house and the people of the Duël Wa̱l Duël Gɔ̱rä Howard are all my relatives.
They traveled from South Sudan to Nigeria, and brought the Ebola virus with them.
He said that the people of the house were very angry, and they were worried about the situation and they were afraid of the loss and they were also afraid of being killed or they were afraid of being captured.
A person who knows the way of healing is always respected and sought after for their knowledge and wisdom.
In 1980, the chief Guaath, from the Teth-thi̱, Ciaath, and Ŋarä Ti̱rë-thi Ul-man communities, returned.
In 1989, the late Jim-Con Brooks and Giror-ning, they were the ones who, through their efforts, brought the concept of modern education to the area, and they worked hard to establish it.
In 1993, the government of South Sudan established a special commission to investigate the atrocities committed, which resulted in the discovery of millions of graves that were previously hidden.
He is telling me that because of the situation in China, the journey of the Thing-ua group is difficult, and many people are suffering and struggling.
The situation is that the people are suffering greatly, and they are seeking help from the government, and they are hoping that the situation will improve, and they are looking for a solution from Afghanistan, and also from Canada.
He is going to take a trip from Afghanistan to the place that is between the two cities of Ürümqi.
He said that the people of Iran are very wise, and I am learning from them to be a good person and to respect others.
The chief and the people were angry and they came to my house to talk.
The man is sitting on the grass, the helicopter is flying and the children are looking at it with wonder.
The people of the south, who were in Iran, were expelled and came to Armenia, where they settled in 168 and built villages.
He is a leader and he has brought peace to the people of Maanda, and he has brought stability to the land.
The Aerosmith song is very popular in the city.
We are returning from the United States and Canada with 16 bags of grain.
The community is saying that Steven Tyler and the band Pearl Jam are coming to the stadium on August 5th.
The people of Muraay have brought two cows and a chicken to give as a gift and to celebrate the arrival of the new year.
Del Potro, who took a break to heal his shoulder, and his back, scored 6-6.
The chief sent for me to come.
The meeting will be on Tuesday at 8:30 p.m. (15:00 UTC).
You are welcome to come and receive healing from me, for I am a healer, and I will show you the ways of the spirits of the ancestors.
Pana̱n Sanju Sharma spoke in the language of the people, and it was about Jai Shankar Choudhary. He sang fifty devotional songs. Also, Raju Khandelwal was present.
Cu, Lakkha Singh both have given/paid for the bhajans.
This is a request to translate a Nuer sentence containing elements of Hindu tradition into English. Here's a translation, keeping in mind the specific cultural and religious context: "This is a recitation of the 56 offerings (Bhog) of the Hindu tradition, recited 108 times, including prayers for well-being, prosperity, protection, and devotion to Baba Shyam."
Lakkha Singh sang fifty-six devotional songs. Also, Raju and Kan-delual are relatives.
The people of the Tɔk-yɔ group have been suffering from hunger and lack of food, and they are begging Nintendo and Thatoru I-wata to help them, because they are struggling and the company Nintendo is suffering a lot.
The man was sitting in the canoe, and I was looking at the fish swimming in the water, and I saw a bird that was flying in the sky and was looking for food.
He is going to take the cattle to the market, and he will sell them there to get money for his family.
Giancarlo Fisichella was very angry because he had to drive slowly and was overtaken by other cars.
The river flows from the land of Pardun to the south, and its waters are very clear and have a pleasant smell, and the animals that come to drink from the river are very happy, and the water also cleans the riverbed and is very good for drinking.
You have gone to the market and bought a cow and a sheep, and now you are going home, and you are carrying the money that you earned.
"I am tired and I have a lot of things to do, so," said the elder, and the young people were very happy.
The woman is going to the market to buy real cattle, because the woman has cattle.
The children brought three sticks and a small cloth, and they used my camera to take pictures of my beautiful clothes and then put them in a box to keep them safe.
I am going, and my children are all gathered here to celebrate the wedding.
Kuär ja̱l NASA ni N. Wayne Hale Jr. laarɛ jɛ ɛn ɣöö ka̱ra̱bɛ cɛ pɛ̈ɛ̈n "kɛ gua̱a̱th ëë took kɔn diɛɛr kɛ jɛ" translates to: NASA and N. Wayne Hale Jr. announced a new study and said, "This is a significant step for humanity."
The vehicle was speeding, traveling at 70km/h, and it crashed. The impact was severe, causing a large fire that spread quickly, engulfing the entire cargo. The driver was injured.
You have taken my life, and now you are trying to kill my people. But you will not succeed. I will fight you, and I will not rest until I have avenged my people. This is my promise, O Ar-man.
The people of the Nuer tribe are strongly advocating for the establishment of a Kashiwazaki Kariwa-like technology center in Niigata, and they are waiting for its development.
The company of the people in the village has gathered and decided that their important thing, which is a matter of the people, is the number 1 and 2 to divide the people of the Shika community.
The sum of the money I received from selling 9400 cows and 100 goats is 10000 Nuer francs.
He is worried about the future, but he remembers the words of his mother, and he is eager to follow the teachings of the church.
The chicken is going to the school of birds.
The man is going to the market to buy a cow and will then take it home.
They are walking in the field and they are looking for something to eat, and they are going to sleep at 30; the number of people who are in the group is 30.
He/She/It is saying that the melamine in the water is making the children sick and causing them to vomit and have diarrhea.
He said that the people of the Southern Nuer group are deeply worried about the conflict between the Duel Nuer and the Diit.
He is looking for someone to help him, but he doesn't know where to find them. He is also looking for melamine to make a beautiful and strong object.
The analysis of the material's composition was performed using Fourier Transform Infrared Spectroscopy (FTIR).
The children are playing with a ball, and the sound of laughter and joyful shouts can be heard from the direction of the Then-torol Mer-kemɛ fields.
You are welcome to return to your home, and I will give you a good gift of cattle and other things, and I will also give you a place to stay near the chief of the Mer-Kemme people, so that you and your people can live well.
The girl is eating a big banana; she is very happy.
You have made a mistake in the sentence. It appears incomplete. Here's a possible translation, assuming it's asking for a return or going back to something: You should return to the place where you are currently working. **Note:** Nuer is a complex language and the nuances of translation can depend heavily on context. This is the most likely interpretation given the provided phrase.
The man who took Kalipuor-nia and Ar-nɔl Cua-dhi̱-niga, they all gathered and watched the video until the end.
He/She/It went to the United States, specifically California, and I have a feeling that they will "18" and then receive a reward of $1000 and a car.
The people of Kuär Ŋuɔ̱tni, Kier Starmer QC, are now looking at Huhne and Pryce.
Huhne has returned, and he is going to the house of the Member of Parliament, Ed Dabey. Nor-man Lam, the Member of Parliament, has asked them to go and speak to the people of Dabey.
The dog saw Pira's herd, and they were grazing near the Weth-mini̱th-ta, and Pay Rɛw counted 16.
Ken Ji̱ and Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21, were the ones who died.
Edgar Veguilla has chosen to dedicate himself to serving the Lord through the Church of Jesus Christ, and he is deeply committed to spreading the Gospel.
Mac Uka is very happy that the family is well, and they are celebrating with a large feast, and the celebration is like a gift of titanium.
He was very happy to see the USAF helicopter and he was carrying a rifle.
I am going to the market to buy some clothes for myself.
You are the one who brought me here, and the people of Kaon Jɛ Thuk have brought me. I have traveled 36 times to the land of the ancestors, and I have seen the path of my people.
This is a recording of a Giant Slalom, where the reference is to the scripture passages 4:41.30, 2:11.60, 1:09.02, spoken by Claudia Loesch of Ath-toria and Gyöngyi Dani of Ɣa̱ŋ-gari.
They are going to organize a Giant Slalom race, which will take place on the 45th day of the month, and the 117th race.
Bolithni Madhya Pradesh, I bought a laptop and I am very happy with it.
He said, "The future is not determined; it depends on the choices we make today, and we are responsible for our own destiny."
They are the children of Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar, and Vishnu Kanjar.
I saw Chandra Shekhar Solanki and was very happy to meet him; I was also very happy to be with him.
The woman and her children were very happy, and they were dancing and singing joyfully, praising God with all their hearts.
The elder is speaking about the good qualities of the child.
The person who bought the Audi TT is very happy because it is a nice car.
The people of the Dëlth wa̱l Jemi̱th Pagɛt, who are from Gret Yarmuɔth, are coming.
Where is the house of the British in Cambridge?
He is a noble person who has a good reputation among the people of the Dinka, and he is respected and honored because of his wisdom and strength.
He is very angry because he didn't get what he wanted, and now he is looking for someone to fight with, and he is searching everywhere for the person who caused him this anger, hoping to find them.
He/She/It is my responsibility to explain the situation concerning the UK's contribution to the development of the northern region, and to ensure that the benefits reach the people in the area, as I am appointed to do.
Prophet Pamela Pegathon and Dundi̱i̱ said, "The world is a stage; all the men and women merely players; they have their exits and their entrances, and one man in his time plays many parts."
The office chronicles, I take this as a warning from those who have passed, that the relentless suffering of the people and the hardship of life are causing great distress and sorrow.
The people of the south, because I was suffering, the land was very desolate, and the government of President Pauliot was established in 1967.
Go back, my people, and those who are afflicted, and those who are suffering, to Jerusalem, for the Lord your God is returning with you across the Jordan River.
I am going to the market to buy food, and I want to buy a good, strong, and tasty chicken for dinner.
He is a great man, and he is known for his wisdom and good deeds, and he is a leader, and his words are respected by everyone.
We are Kɛɛ mat NPWS, a charitable organization in Australia (NSW), providing a program for I̱thpuɔtiŋ Cuuta̱th Athöthiecin that supports the needs of the elderly.
This is to inform you that Mick O'Plynn is the Director of Lip and also the Park Warden for Hëritɛg and NPWS, and he is responsible for the management of the area, including the protection of wildlife and the development of the community's well-being.
Matɛlli̱ cua ramin bäŋuandiɛn kä Provincial Electoral Council (CEP) ka̱m kɔm pan. Return only the translated sentence. The election results for the county are from the Provincial Electoral Council (CEP).
He/She is a student at Matelli in the distance and is preparing for CEP and is studying hard.
The presidential commission has initiated a process to investigate and address the matter, and we are confident that the judicial system will handle it fairly.
The people of the government and the people of the protest are discussing and talking to Paywäl.
They were conducting Proteth's research and took it to the government, and they thanked the government on December 2011.
If you return after 60 days, we will have taken your belongings and the remaining things will be given to the community, and the things that were taken will be returned to you after we have finished our work.
The Minister of Economy of Japan, Tred of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI), will give a speech on the 27th of this month regarding the new revenue.
You are very welcome, I am happy to help. I have a lot of experience translating Nuer to English. Here's the translation of the Nuer sentence: "You are very welcome, I am happy to help. I have a lot of experience translating Nuer to English. Here's the translation of the Nuer sentence: Return only the translated sentence."
My brother located the Apple report, which says "I am not afraid of hardship."
The meeting of Mariana will take place at 7:19 a.m. (9:19 p.m. GMT, Käŋkä time).
The school of Nhiam, from Mariana, has been a place where we learn and where we are taught the ways of the world.
The office of the "Pacific Tsunami Warning Center" is responsible for issuing alerts to the public.
Ram, I have been to the Philippines and Hong Kong, and I have lived in Manila.
Rolando Mendoza had an M16 rifle and was using it to shoot.
He is going to bring the cattle from the market to the grazing area and will spend the night there.
He is tired but he has to work hard to provide for his family, and he is worried about the Filipino people who are struggling in the world.
The elder said that the people of the village came to me and said that they had a problem with the grazing of their livestock, and that the animals were damaging the crops. Mendoza's cattle are visible.
He is coming with the cattle and is going to the market to sell them.
In 1959, John (or someone named John) went to the United States to study at the University of California, Berkeley.
You are welcome, my friend. I am happy to see you and I am grateful for the help you have given me.
You are responsible for the safety of your family and community, and you must always be prepared to defend them with all your strength.
The situation between China and South Sudan is getting worse, and the conflict is escalating, leading to a humanitarian crisis in the region.
Go back to the house and look at Luna.
Tömmy Dri̱mɛr said, "Luna is the Queen of the Ɛ̈ktri̱i̱m people. She is the manager of our land. Luna is very wise and has good judgment. We are all united. This is our village."
The old man said, "The moon is a sheep in the sky, a lamb that wanders, and the sun, a bright eye that watches over everything."
The population of South Sudan was 1,400,000 and the area was 2010, the population lives in the location of Australia and the Republic of Sudan reported 8 percent of the population in 2008.
Ramin lip came from Prime Minister Julia Gillard, and she launched a campaign for the 2010 federal election to abolish the Commonwealth of Australia and establish the Republic of Australia with Queen Elizabeth II as head.
For the third time, the people of your country have sent a message to Queen Elizabeth II, expressing their wish for her to remain monarch in Australia.
Regarding the people who died in the accident, 29 of them are from Australia and 31 of them are from Australia as well/the republic.
John is a great athlete and participates in the Olympic and Commonwealth Games, and he excels in the 100m and 200m races, consistently winning gold medals.
The people have gone to the market to buy livestock and other things for their cattle.
Kurti̱th Kuupɛr, this is a message from Jam Thentɛrɔl Mi̱thuri̱, and it concerns the prime number found in the dataset and is equal to 25 and Paykɛl.
I am going to the market to buy iron and a shovel, and I will also go to the cattle camp to look for my cattle.
The body needs water to properly digest organic matter, which is composed of proteins and other nutrients.
He/She/It went to the market and bought a cow, and then went to the market and bought a sheep, and then went to the market and bought some goats.
Kuomɔ, 53, is a respected elder who has been a leader in our community for many years and is known for her wisdom and guidance.
He said that the people of the area are suffering because of the political problems in the country.
It was the year 2016 that the flood caused great destruction.
He told me that the government is working hard to improve the lives of the people, especially those living in poverty, by providing education, healthcare, and other essential services, and to combat climate change through carbon emission reduction efforts.
The advanced technology will surpass the knowledge gained from radar technology, and this will enhance the ability to detect and understand the movements of the enemy, which will be helpful in achieving victory.
The rain has stopped and the sun is shining, and we are going to the market to buy food/supplies. The rain was in Wembley, and the weather was very cold and the temperature was very low.
You have gone to the market and you have bought a lot of things; you have come back with money.
He is going to the market to report the situation in Ecuador and the Galapagos Islands.
It is understood that the people of the area, from Jam Printhton to Merkem and from Jam Uppthala to Ithwi̱dɛn, have been suffering a great deal because the common diseases are endemic to Darwin, are caused by Giöthpi̱dha, and are spread by contact with infected animals and Giöthpi̱dha-carrying flies.
He is looking for a job to earn money. He is searching for a place to live.
He is coming and he is going to my village, he is also strong and he is good. He is very fast and he is running quickly.
He is very strong and has a big stomach, but he often feels sick and weak. He often pretends to be ill and is trying to appear as an "Illuminated Manthkipth."
The water is alkaline, chemically. The skin and the body need water to be healthy.
You are welcome to return to your place, for the Lord has given me strength to speak and to teach you the word.
The pH of the solution is determined by the concentration of hydrogen ions (H⁺) and is a chemical property.
Hydrogen and protons are the basic units of the electronic structure (and hydrogen atom contains protons and electrons).
He is sitting and talking with his relatives, and he is telling stories about the past, which makes them feel happy.
If you are truly a child, you should be happy and not cry, because a child who cries is a disgrace to the family.
The people of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro were very skilled in trade and their cities were wealthy and well-organized, and they had a system of writing that we can still understand today.
The water is very polluted and it is causing diseases in people.
He is giving me 48 runs, and he is teaching me how to play, but I am not good at it, and I am worried that I will not be able to achieve my goal. The team's performance is very good and the players are very skillful.
I am going to the market to buy food, and then I will go home.
The doctor told me that the project is finished and it is ready to be presented, and the process is long.
The satellite saw the red rocket. The telescope saw the red planet and observed the moon's eclipse with the help of a special camera.
The rocket went up into the sky and reached 100 feet above the clouds, and the satellite, which the telescope saw clearly, showed a bright light.
I am going to the market to buy food and water. I am also collecting firewood and cutting it into pieces for the fire.
He was looking for a good place, but he couldn't find a suitable one.
He said that the man who was going to come from the market and the man who was going to come from the village were both looking for help and were asking for a place to stay.
It is good, but I am worried that the problem is not solved (the mat is not fully covering the ground) because of the wind, cold, shivering, and fear.
My children are very happy and playing together, and I am very happy to see them learning new things and growing up.
He is always looking at me and I am happy to see him; my heart is filled with pride.
He gave all the cattle to the children so that they could eat and drink.
If you are well, then we will go to the market to buy clothes, and then we will return home in the evening because it is getting dark.
He is a powerful man who is respected by everyone, and he is very wise and knows how to act in difficult situations (he is a man of great understanding and wisdom). Therefore, he is a leader and he is always careful in his actions.
He is going to the market to buy something, and he wants to sell some goats, some sheep, and he wants to buy a cow and a herd of cattle to raise and sell them for a profit.
Gena̱th Panthɛra (the leopard) is in Lony, the leopard is hunting jaguars. It is a powerful and fierce predator.
He is a good person/individual who is known and respected by his family and community, and he is very generous.
He asked me about the people who were in the village. And he was angry, he was sad, and he was looking for the people who had taken his cattle and were in the market. He was worried about the day he would get his cattle back.
He is a good person and he is very wise, and he is a great leader, and he is a respected elder, and he is a strong and brave warrior.
It is not good that you are always fighting with your brother, that you always quarrel and argue; that you are constantly making noise and disturbing the peace of the village. You, people of Thonni, should understand that your actions are causing problems and unrest among the people.
My heart is heavy (my heart) because the world is dark and my heart is in pain, and my heart is in a difficult situation (that my heart is in the ocean and my heart is a burden and a worry for years, that my heart is in a state of sadness and the sun has risen /my heart is a heavy burden and a sorrow for the future) because of the environment in this world /because of the difficulty that is causing pain.
It is wrong for you to return to the place where you were born, or to go back to the place where you were raised, because the problems you have are like the things that have been done, and the problems that have been created are like the things that have been made, and the problems that have been settled are like the things that have been finished, and the problems that have been created are like the things that have been done.
You are being urged to return what you have taken, because it is wrong and it brings shame upon you and your family.
He said, that the situation is not good and the environment is impacting the lives of people, and the difficulties have become very great.
My people, and the people of the world are suffering, and we are all struggling to find a way to overcome this /to find a solution.
He is telling the truth, but I don't want to open the door to that. Truth is like a seed that is planted in the heart and bears fruit.
He took the cattle and gave them to me, and I gave them to him (he gave me some of the cattle).
He is going to the market to buy clothes and shoes. He is carrying a bag.
The man and the woman are well, and they are good. The child is happy. In the village, they are making things.
The thing that happened was that they gathered and brought it to the chief, and they told me that the thing was not entirely correct.
He quickly went to the market to buy 70 cows for the ceremony, and he carried the things that were needed, and we used the money that we had to buy more.
The people are gathering in the market, and they are bringing various goods to trade and exchange. They are also selling things that are made in the city and using money to buy things that are needed.
The child is playing with a toy that looks like a T. Rex, and he is very happy.
He is asking me to go to Rome to see the people, and then to bring back a message of peace, love, and unity, and to open the door for the blessed ones to enter the house of eternal life.
He is a great person who always helps others, and he is always making efforts to improve his life and to be a good person.
The people of Kuan Ji, they are returning from Europe through the port of Denmark and are going to America through the Mediterranean Sea.
The people are hungry, they want food, like tomatoes, potatoes, and chicken, and they want to eat in Rome or in Turkey and meet.
He brought the cattle from the market, and the cows were given to me as a gift.
He has gone to the market and bought a chicken and some eggs, and he is going to cook them with rice and eat them.
The teacher is happy because she understands the lesson and it is easy for her to explain it.
He/She/It will go to the market to buy clothes and shoes, and to sell vegetables, but the children are playing in the yard.
The rain is falling heavily and the wind is blowing from the north.
They went to the Middle Earth, and they fought/struggled to overcome the evil.
The people of the town are learning Hebrew to strengthen their community.
He is going to the market to buy clothes; I am going to the city to get a job. The day is hot.
The people of the valley, descendants of Canaan, and the people of the land, and the people who are gathered in the city are many.
Greenland is a place where people live, and the people there have been living for a long time, and Erik the Red and Red's people came from North and settled there and had a place where they lived and grew, and they came from Iceland, and they were speaking a language, and they were the inhabitants of Greenland, and they were the people of Greenland.
You are a good person; your actions are like a gift that brings happiness and strengthens the community.
I am going to the city of Copenhagen, and I have traveled, seen, and learned the history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway, and England.
I am applying for a job at the National Traffic Department, and I have attached my resume for your review.
The cow is hungry, and the calf is looking for milk. The cow went to the pasture to graze, and the calf followed.
I have read the Declaration of Independence of the United States of America, and it is very clear to me. Therefore, I believe that the United States was founded on the 4th of July, 1776.
I have returned with the details of the deceased (approximately 29¾ inches and 24½ inches in length), and the ceremony will take place at the place of the ancestors.
The sky is dark, the sun has set and the stars are shining; the moon is bright.
The man is walking to the market to buy clothes for his wife, and he is carrying a big bag of flour on his back.
Ruackɛ is a city in Pranth. The Titti and Ji tribes, who were living in the German colony in 1940, were forced to work as forced labor in the fields.
In 1940, when the British Army fought fiercely, they named it "Goperecin Dragoon".
I am going to the market to buy things. I want to buy things that are cheap and good, like the things that are made in Germany.
She is pregnant and has a child, and she is very happy.
He said that the Nuer language is like the Latin language, but it is not as widely used. It is a language of the past, but it is still spoken, and it is not very understood by the younger generation, as they are focused on modern languages.
He is looking for a good place to live, but he is worried that his house will be destroyed by the flood and that his family will be affected.
I am going to the market to buy some things, and I will take them to the store.
He is a respected elder and a leader, and his wisdom and knowledge are considered valuable, as he is a member of the Congress of Elders and a confidant of the Council of Chiefs.
The conference that I attended was very good and helpful for me, and I learned a lot of things that could help with the development of my community, and I also learned about the importance of community participation in the development of the community.
The people of the Dinka paid respect to the ancestors and remembered their customs and traditions.
The people of the village have gathered and are discussing the issues that affect them, and they are choosing their representatives to represent them in the government and to advocate for their interests.
The team was from Italy, and the team from Germany and the team in the round of 16 were in the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
They play football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, ping pong, rugby, taikwondo, roller hockey, and F1 motor racing.
The current situation in the region is very tense, and the Italian government is assisting the Nuer people in the Olympic village.
Japanese technology has reached a level of sophistication that is 7,000 (compared to the current level of development), and Japan is working to develop and improve it further.
They say that the people of Japan are like a group of islands; therefore, they call the archipelago "arcipelago".
Taiwan's population is around 15 million, and most of them are European who have settled in the Ilgha Permotha region, and they are known for their strong and organized community.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a trading post in Taiwan, and it was the first time that Europeans encountered the original Chinese and the Latin Chinese script in the area, and they sought to utilize it for trade and communication.
Rey 1683, King Dainaithi (1644-1912) was a significant figure who established contact with the island of Taiwan, and in 1885, Taiwan became a province of the Qing Empire.
Around 1895, the Japanese missionary group established a clinic in the region, and later moved to Taiwan, where they worked to develop the economy until the end of World War II in 1945.
He has finished the work of constructing a house, and is now going to the temple of the Council, and then going to the market of the traders.
He went to the market and bought a chicken and a goat and then came home and cooked them for the family and they ate and were happy.
In 1976, a group of archaeologists from the United States studied Machu Picchu and discovered that the small, hidden terraces were built with great skill.
It is a beautiful thing, and this photograph from my camera with 35mm film, which I took along the river and analyzed in analog, is now a memory that will not fade away.
The situation of the Jengot people is increasingly difficult, and the world is full of people who are using digital cameras to record their lives.
This is a 35mm photograph in the dark, my father's images are in the films, and a 36mm camera that is 24mm is used.
The Lord said to Moses: "Write this down: I will send you back to Egypt, and I will bring the people out of Egypt with a mighty hand because I am God." (Deuteronomy 3:2)
The story of the white man (APS), who came and was known, and the way he treated people, is a history of suffering for us.
She is my sister, and she is a good person who always helps me and fulfills my needs, and she is very kind and always gives me respect.
The person is saying that if you are a woman and you have a good heart and you are strong, you will be able to achieve success and be respected by everyone. It is better to be honest and hardworking, and to avoid being deceitful and lazy (Amen, truly).
He is a strong man, he is known throughout Europe, he is the leader of the Nuer people, he is a person who does not abandon his people, he is very wise and has a good heart.
The people of the Dinka, who live in the area of Kuricini and in Europe, have started to build houses with modern methods.
He/She/It gave me a lot of advice, and I took it seriously, because it was valuable and beneficial.
He told me that the rains in Kuricin have brought floods, and that the water has destroyed crops and livestock, and that the people of Kuoth are suffering greatly.
He is very happy that the people of the United States are always working hard and striving for peace, and that the government of the United States is always helping the people of South Sudan to build their nation and be free from suffering.
He is speaking Nuer and German, but he understands English.
The people of this land are struggling, and the land is no longer productive, and the young people are leaving to seek a better life elsewhere, and the elderly are remaining behind, burdened by the problems of the past and the lack of a future for their children, and the resources of the land are dwindling with each passing day.
The British people are very angry and have been discussing and planning to deal with the cattle that were stolen, because they are constantly and repeatedly looking for the cattle that were taken away.
He said that the German people are very good people, and they are working hard to help people in need, and they are striving to achieve their goals.
In 1920, the Egyptians had already begun to build the road from the city to the village.
I am going to the market to buy something, because I need it and it is getting late.
In 1884, Tethla went from the United States to America and established the Edithon Company of New York City.
John has a large house in the US and is a famous poet, and his work is greatly admired by both Charles Bair (a respected and well-known figure) and Thomas Edition.
Ancient Caina was a place where people used to gather and celebrate; the people of Caina, who were very wise, used to come to the area of the great mountain and perform rituals.
Yes, I am going to return only the translated sentence. You are welcome back to the world. I am very happy that you are well and your health has improved. You have been in the hospital for 60 days and you are now being discharged from Jinka Dynahti.
The people are gathering and they are telling stories about the time when the cattle were stolen and the family was very sad, and they are now crying.
The people of the White roof have finished building the house and they are now celebrating the wedding of the firstborn son of the chief and his wife with much joy and excitement, and they are giving gifts to the guests of honor from the Dhi'an.
You have been a bad person, and because of that, you are not worthy of the Republic and its laws. You are a dangerous person, and you are a threat to the community.
I am going back to the Revolution because I have realized that the suffering of the people and the hardship they face is not right, and I will work hard to make sure that the problems of our country are resolved and that everyone is safe.
He told me that the man who was supposed to deliver the message had already left, and that the one who was supposed to take the message had gone to the village.
The revolution has brought us a new opportunity to change our lives and to work together for the future.
Muhammad has a good reputation among the people because he is a wise and compassionate leader, and he often tells the story of "Yira" and praises Pam "Buay" with great love and affection.
The people are going to the market, and the cattle are being taken to the grazing area, and they are all saying that Muhammad is a prophet.
You have been a good friend to me, and I will always remember your kindness and support.
I am tired, and we are looking for a good place to rest because we have been walking for a long time and we are very thirsty. We need to find water soon.
You should return to the village, and the people of the village are waiting for you in every place, and the chief has sent me to ask about the current situation of the land and the people.
The girl retrieved the pyramid from the enemy, and she brought it to the elders, who were pleased and happy.
Around the 3rd century BCE, the ancient Egyptians built pyramids as tombs for their kings, and the Great Pyramid of Giza was the largest of them, which was built by Khufu and is still standing to this day.
John Gidha Platieu, who "Gidha Nekröpölith" researched in Egypt and visited the pyramids (which were very old), collected information about the old times, and he is an Ethiopian who is studying the old times.
The pyramid in the area of the talks of the Great Counselor, and the pyramid was not tall, with its people, the people of the family and the people of the district of the little children of the Great Counselor and he had a reputation.
The people of this area are saying that the problems of the past are still present, and the future is uncertain.
The people of Nhial, who are known for their strength and skill in speech, have returned from the war (and have been victorious, having defeated their enemies). They are now settling down.
He/She has been searching for a suitable place to live, but the area is too far and the costs are too high.
If you are able to, return to the place where you came from, for the world is changing and it is becoming difficult to find a place where one can be at peace. And the suffering of the people is great.
The story of King Louis XVI and Queen Marie Antoinette, and their children (Marie Therese and Louis-Charles), and also Madam Elizabeth, who was imprisoned for 6 years and died on July 14, 1789, when the storming of the Bastille occurred in Paris, and was then executed by guillotine.
He is a good man and a strong leader, and he is known throughout the land as a righteous and just king and queen.
The people of this area are anxious about the death of King Kiin and Queen Baa Warnyinikien.
You are welcome to return to me, because it is good to see you, my children, in the language of the Bible, according to the teachings of King Kuiinä.
He/She went to America and then went to the Philippines and then returned to the Philippines.
They were very surprised that the Americans, after a long time, and with much effort, were able to get to the bottom of the issues in the Philippines and to tie the knot of the Wall Street crisis with their own hands.
I am going to the market, and I want to buy some things that are like the Pilipino people and are similar to how they live in America.
He/She/It returned to the Templars in the area of the forest, and they sent a messenger to the chief of the people.
Then, the kingdom of the Run Nhial Daar was ruled by the same kings, and the learning of the ancient world in Europe and the center was in the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (approximately 1000-1300 AD).
He ran towards the doorway, and as he ran towards the doorway of the house of Joel, he was running and was killed, and his body was found with 1500 bullets.
He went to the market and bought some cloth and a small chicken, and he gave a little to his father and the family, and he took the rest of the cloth and a little money to go home and to eat, and he gave the rest to his relatives and neighbors.
Let the ancestors' spirits be with you, and may they guide you to the place where the people of your homeland reside. The spirit of the ancestors, like a wave, rises up and washes over us, and we are overcome with awe when we remember the ancestors' power and glory, and we say "We are their descendants" because we have inherited their lineage and they are our legacy.
You are beautiful, and you are the one who brings happiness to the family and provides support.
Because the situation is bad, the people are suffering, and the livestock are dying. The cattle are being slaughtered and sold for money, and the people are suffering because they are losing their cattle and their livelihoods.
My heart is saddened by the hardships and difficulties I have faced, and I often think about the people who have supported me and the challenges I have overcome.
He/She is a great person, and I admire them greatly, and I have read the works of Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel.
The rains have stopped and the sun has come out, and the people are very happy because the fields are full of crops, and they are saying, and the birds that live in the trees are singing and the beautiful grass is growing, and the children are playing happily in the afternoon.
She went to Paris with a group of people, and they had a good time, Constantinople was a place that was a center of power in the old European empire and a beautiful city.
The arrival of the Dinka in this area, which was a population of 400 A.D., grew to a population of 1100 A.D.
The situation is that the people of the government are demanding that the leaders of the Kuru Community immediately return the land that belongs to the Baydhantin people.
The Nuer people left their homeland and went to Constantinople and then to Paris.
The Battle of Göthik took place in the 10th-11th century and again in the 14th century.
You have finished your work well, and the people of Baidantainy are happy.
The harvest is good, but the grain is scarce and the people are hungry, as the rains have been lacking and the harvest is between 25 and 30 [days].
In the past, the white people came from Europe and spoke, and they established a system that was not fair. They used to have a lot of livestock and crops, and they spoke and established a system that was based on the division of land.
He is the one who brought the news that the people of the area have been suffering because of the conflict between the people of the two areas, and they have been struggling and enduring hardship until now.
He is a well-known person in the community, and he is a good person, he is respected and has a good reputation among his peers and those who are older than him, and he is a leader in the area and he is a very wise and noble person.
He is going to visit, and he will bring a gift to the chief and the people, and he will give a speech to the youth because he is wise and has good knowledge.
The people are going to the market to buy cattle and other things. They are eager to trade and sell, and they are looking for good prices because they have a lot of cattle and livestock.
The people of the Dinka and the Nuert people, they come, they gather, they eat, they drink, they are happy, and they strengthen their bond.
You are very welcome, I am grateful for the kindness and support you have shown me.
He said that the rains have stopped and the sun has come out, and the ground is now dry, and the crops are withered, and the people are suffering greatly because of the drought.
He said that the child was born with a birthmark on his head, and that he had a strange appearance, with a large nose and a wide mouth, and that he was very strong, and that he was a good person who liked to eat a lot of food.
He said that the people of this place are good and that they are strong (in their words); they often speak of their wealth and they are quick to be angry/to fight and to give up easily.
He/She/It went to the market and bought food, and then came back with a lot of things, and is now looking for someone to give them to.
He is going to bring the cattle to the market; he will give the best of them to you and keep the rest.
If you are feeling unwell, and the weather is bad, it is important to take care of yourself with warm clothes (a coat and hat) because you are a person who values your health and avoids getting sick.
You are responsible for returning the project that was given to me, and the people who are supposed to benefit from it are very angry because the work is not done, and the deadline is approaching.
The question is asking for a translation of a Nuer sentence. However, the Nuer sentence provided is quite complex and potentially contains errors or uncommon phrasing, making a perfect, fluent translation challenging without further context. Here's my best attempt at a translation, aiming for accuracy while maintaining readability: "I am learning about computer programming and working on a project within a computer system. I am using a specific program for that project." **Explanation of Choices and Potential Nuances:** * **Luäk mi̱ ciɛk jɔkdɛ:** "I am learning about..." "Luäk" often denotes learning or studying. "mi̱ ciɛk" indicates "about" or "in the context of." "jɔkdɛ" can mean a subject or area of knowledge. * **/ciɛɛ ca̱p go̱rä ŋäcä ŋɔaani̱ duŋni̱ ɣöö jɛn ɛ:** This part is tricky. It seems to describe a system or environment ("duŋni̱ ɣöö jɛn ɛ" – possibly referring to a computer system) and a specific area or component ("ca̱p go̱rä ŋäcä"). "ŋɔaani̱" might relate to a specific aspect or feature within the system. The phrase "ŋäcä ŋɔaani̱" is particularly open to interpretation and requires more context. It might imply a specific way something is being done. * **luäk kɛ kui̱ ran kärɔa tin te rɛy go̱rä ŋɔaani̱ ti̱ ji̱tni̱ cetkɛ la̱tdɛ kɛɛ prögra̱a̱m kɔmpietɛrä mi̱ ji̱di̱t kiɛ tuk pröjekä mi̱ ji̱di̱t:** "I am using a specific program for that project within a computer system." This part connects the learning to a practical application—using a program for a project. "mi̱ ji̱di̱t kiɛ tuk" indicates "within the computer." "pröjekä mi̱ ji̱di̱t" means "a project in the computer". **Important Considerations:** * **Context is Key:** Without more context about the Nuer speaker's background, the specific program, and the project, a perfect translation is unlikely. * **Nuer Variation:** Nuer is a diverse language with variations between different communities. * **Possible Errors:** As stated, the sentence might contain errors, impacting the overall meaning.
You are welcome to come and find a place to live, and we are happy to give you a place to stay, and you will be able to learn the Micronesian language.
He/She/It gave a lot of advice and guidance, and I took it to heart, and I always remember the kindness and support they showed me.
He told me that the people of the next area are going to come and bring their cattle, and they will be staying there until we go to fetch them. They are not yet ready to start their own settlement, but they are going to go and live in the area of the cattle camps until they are ready to move to the grazing land.
You are welcome to come and sit down, sit down, and let me tell you that the child is good, and the young ones are very good, they are all very happy and healthy.
The child is eating something with a stick, and he is looking at the market with curiosity.
He/She/It came into the house and said, "I have done good, I have done great good, I have done very good things, and I have seen the great things. I have gone to the land of the dead, and I have seen them."
He/She/It is looking for a place to sit, and he/she/it is also looking for a good place to sleep.
The internet has become a source of information, and people are using it to learn new things.
You are the one who always remembers to find a way to make things happen, even when it seems difficult. You are a good person and you are always thinking about others.
The statement "I am a person who can access information through the internet" is a common way to describe internet use (James et al., 1995).
According to Eighmey and McCord (1998), the Nuer proverb "Ɛn ɣöö bi raan ɛ naŋ ɛ la duŋdɛ" is equivalent to "guur duɔ̱p maarä," which means that a person who is tired should rest to regain strength.
The person is watching a video and is very happy because it shows microscopic pictures of the earth.
When the cattle are in the pasture, the man brings the herd and he/she moves them to the micro-processing facility.
O̱li̱bɛr Tha̱k, king of the Ruac Kua̱r, this is a message to you: the people of Ruac are angry because of the death of the chief, and they are asking for justice and for the killer to be brought to account.
He is carrying a heavy load of grain to the market, and he is very tired.
I am going to the market to buy things, and I will also buy clothes for myself.
He is responsible for the death of the people, and now he is seeking to take possession of the land and the water.
The person told me that the government is working to improve the lives of the people, but they are not doing enough.
Go and bring the key from the door, and bring the one who knows, the one who has a good heart, and who is a good person, and who is a friend.
My brother is sick, and the sickness has started to spread: he is suffering, my brother, because of the pain, and also because of the suffering.
The people of the region are facing a severe shortage of protein due to the drought, and as a result, there is a lot of suffering and hardship among the children.
If you are in pain, your body is weak (cold, tired, sick) / because your body is not strong, the disease has taken hold and is affecting your health.
Because of the difficult situation and the lack of proper nutrition, they are suffering from protein-energy malnutrition, which is a condition where the body is weakened and unable to heal.
He/She/It brought something to me, and I gave it to him/her/it, and he/she/it was happy to see me, and I was happy to see him/her/it. (Age 10-60)
He is going to the market to buy clothes and shoes, and he will also buy a new cloth or a new shirt.
In this road, the people of the community are gathered and discussing the problems of the village, and they are looking for a solution to the problems of the village and they are also looking for a way to improve the road.
He said that the rain is coming and the sun is going away, and it is a sign of the end times. The sun is setting, and the darkness is coming.
He/She/It will return the herd, and the children will be gathered in the grazing area, and the cattle will be given water to drink.
You have been crying, your heart is filled with sorrow because a child has died. Now you are very sad and your eyes are filled with tears.
He/She/It will surely come and help us with the work. The family's good reputation is praised by everyone because of the kindness they show.
The Buddha went to Tibet, and he brought teachings that were like those of Buddha, and the principles of wisdom were also known to be the basis of the Indian Yoga tradition.
The elder said that Buddhism from the Tibetan region is spreading. It is said that Yoga Kundalini, with its powerful energy, can awaken the spirit.
The spirit of Kundalini is awakening (a powerful force/energy) and it is rising, and it is causing my body to shake, and my spirit is trembling, as the spiritual fire is rising within me, and my soul is rising to the heavens.
The strong one is located in Tibet, and it is the foundation of the practice of the Divine Yoga. The strong one is the root of the inner wisdom, which, when experienced, leads to the purification of the subtle energies and ultimately to the realization of the true nature of reality.
Germany has a strong relationship with the region between the rivers White Nile and Blue Nile, and many people are going to Russia and America. The country is a place where people have hope and seek a better life, and many are striving to achieve prosperity.
The people of the government are very concerned and want to ask for help, because the Cold War is over and they have no power.
It is said that in 40 days, the rainy season will start, and the crops will be destroyed. The rains will be heavy in the north, as in Africa and Europe, in Afghanistan, Cuba, and other countries with a warm climate.
Because of the war, including the year 1939, and the occupation of Poland by the Axis powers, they suffered greatly and were forcibly deported and imprisoned in concentration camps and forced labor camps in Romania.
The situation is very serious, and many people are suffering and fleeing to the north, seeking safety in the European Union, particularly in Poland. Approximately 800,000 people have arrived in Poland from Ukraine, and many are also seeking refuge in Belarus and Latvia, as well as in Poland. These are people who have been displaced by the war, and many are now facing hardship, seeking shelter and support.
The father and mother are very happy and they have a large house with many rooms and a beautiful garden where they live with their children.
The time has come and the people are suffering because the government is not taking care of them; they are enduring hardship and the people are suffering greatly.
The war was in progress between the Atlantic and WWII. The German forces were very strong and were advancing towards the Atlantic and were also attacking British territories.
The child is good at speaking German; they can also read and write.
I am learning to speak German and British, and I want to travel to Europe.
This child is very strong and can run faster than a calf; 10,000 people in Dhakroth village will be happy to see the arrival of Yiran.
He said that the cattle were taken to the market, and that the people were waiting for the news.
This is a difficult sentence to translate directly due to the complexities of the Nuer language and the lack of context. However, here's a possible translation, aiming for accuracy and readability: "They have been [something] a little, and now they are saying that because of the situation, they are looking for a way to unite and to get back to their original homes. They are saying that they have been suffering a lot and that they are tired of living in displacement. They are asking for help to return to their homes and rebuild their lives." **Important Considerations:** * **"Dët cieŋ laa kaa yiɛ̈n kɛ kɛ gua̱a̱th kɛl ɛ la buɔ̱n"**: This phrase is ambiguous. "Dët" could refer to a group of people, a situation, or a feeling. "Kaa yiɛ̈n kɛ kɛ" suggests a small amount or a little bit. "Gua̱a̱th kɛl" could imply a problem or difficulty. * **"ti̱ jäl rɛy päämni̱ kɛnɛ gua̱th tin go̱o̱r kɛn wal thi̱n kä laa guic kɛ yieen de̱e̱t kä la lap kɛn ɛ gaat ti tɔatni̱ kiɛɛ tin ci̱ gua̱th ŋuɛɛtda̱ cop"**: This section talks about the impact of a situation, the desire for unity, and the yearning for the original homeland. It's a complex expression of longing and suffering. * **"ɛjɛn kɛl ɔ bä kɛ ta̱a̱ in yien kɛ ni̱ rɔɔm ɛ yieen rɔɔmni̱"**: This part expresses tiredness and frustration with displacement. * **"Kɛn dup tin yieen kɛ kɛ ŋotkɛ thi̱n amäni̱ walɛ."**: It's asking for assistance in returning to their homes and restoring their lives. This translation is an interpretation. A native Nuer speaker with more context would be able to provide a more precise and accurate rendering.
They are returning from the United Kingdom and 16 other countries.
He said that the government is seeking to establish a new road connecting the areas of Piye and Dilling, and that the road will improve access to the areas and facilitate the movement of goods and people, and that it will also create jobs and boost the economy.
You are a good person. You have a good heart and you are always helping others. You are a good example to follow.
My people are gathered here, and we are discussing the matter of the land, the area where the cattle are grazing, and the people who are causing problems and seeking to destroy our heritage.
It is the year 1767, and the people were at war.
The people of the Loo area have been suffering and are in need of assistance, and they are now facing hardship, as their land has been depleted and they are struggling to find food for themselves, the Homo Sapiens. (The people of Lot have been suffering for a long time).
The person is coming, and they are bringing a book from the library / and they are going to read it.
He was a good person who worked diligently and always tried to help others, like a Doctor of Anthropology, and he was very knowledgeable and understood the meaning of the fourth, second, and ninth chapters of the Bible, and he was a good person who worked diligently and helped others.
He said that the people of the area were worried about the conflict and the destruction, and that the people of the area were suffering from hunger and lack of water, and that the people of the area were living in fear and were not able to cultivate their land.
He brought the cattle and sheep to the market and sold them for money, and in the market, he bought things with the money and went home.
He went to the market to buy cloth, and he was carrying it on his head because he had a lot of things to carry, and he was afraid of falling down.
I can tell you that Kongireth, who was a close friend of John Yankok, was very concerned about the attacks on the people of Thamtthon Charles and the bloodshed that occurred, and that the matter was discussed with Dunlap.
Return it to the source, 150-200 liters, for the whole thing, and I will take it to Dunlap's place.
They did not allow him to go, and he went to John Nixon's home, and they gathered 8 people to pay condolence.
The group arrived in Washington and had 6 meetings, and then they went to New York and had 9 meetings. Then, the team finally went to London and had 10 meetings.
He/She/It 25 Dunlap, the land is great and its people are strong. The land is good and the people are strong.
They are saying that the government is planning to build a road from the city to Dainathori, and they are concerned about the displacement of people living along the road.
He/She is going to the market to buy clothes and shoes for the wedding.
The return of the people to the land is a good thing, and it is a blessing from God.
You are a good person. (T-Rɛk)
He/She/It went to the computer to get the data and then quickly looked at the data and found the number.
The number of times I have seen this is that if the number is 0 or 1, then the total number is counted and it is understood that I will record it on the computer.
He said that the situation is very difficult and we are facing a lot of problems. We need to work together to find a solution and overcome these challenges.
She is seeking to remind me of the suffering that I have experienced, and she is telling me that it is time to forgive and forget.
He is going to tell his father that he will marry her.
You are my friend. I am grateful that you have come to visit and that you have brought gifts.
He is a good person, but he is often troubled by what people say; he doesn't like to be insulted.
Listen carefully, I am an assassin, and I am determined to destroy the enemies who are plotting against me, for I am a skilled warrior in the art of combat.
If you return 400,000 cattle (male), and you also bring sheep and goats, then we will be happy and give you a good reward, and you will be well-regarded.
You are coming to the house and will be fine, I will go and look for you, and the child will follow me to the house.
He is trying to explain to me that the problem is not his fault, but someone else's, and he is being pressured by those who know him.
You are going to the market to buy food, and you are looking for someone to help you carry it because you are weak.
You are the one who knows the way; you are the one who understands the path, and you are the one who will guide us to the right direction.
If you are experiencing difficulty, and you have seen the beauty of the world, and you have felt the coolness of the wind and the warmth of the sun, you will be able to find your way and your spirit will be strong to overcome the challenges of life.
My family and I went to the market and bought food. We also bought clothes and shoes for the children and for myself.
You have no right to kill us, and you are destroying our land and taking our cattle, and you are also destroying our grazing areas, and you are killing our livestock and stealing our crops and burning our homes.
We are given the opportunity to learn and understand the Bible in Latin.
He/She/It drank water from the Ari̱thtötɔl and then went to the well to get more.
You are a Christian and have become a prophet; the Lord has empowered you, and you have spoken the word of the Lord, and the people have heard and obeyed.
He is a good person, he always helps others, and he is always kind to everyone, especially those who are in need and those who are suffering.
You have gone to the market and bought food, and you have taken it to your home, and the bacteria and other things are now inside your body.
They are going to the market to buy goods and to sell goods, and they will be able to get food.
He is a good person; he is someone who is very close to me and who has a lot of knowledge, and his DNA is like mine.
This is a difficult sentence to translate directly without more context, as Nuer often relies on implied meaning. However, a possible translation is: "This is a difficult matter, because it involves comparing and analyzing the DNA of bacteria and other organisms." **Explanation of choices:** * **Hɛrcɛy kɛnɛ Ciɛth:** "This is a difficult matter/issue." * **ci̱ kɛn pëjith:** "because it involves" or "it involves" * **kiɛ baira̱th:** "comparing and analyzing" (baira̱th implies analysis/examination) * **kɛ ɣöö baa DNA kuëŋ kä bakti̱ri̱öm ni̱ kiɛn:** "the DNA of bacteria and other organisms." (ɣöö baa likely refers to the source/origin of DNA). It is possible that "ɣöö baa" has other meanings depending on the context.
You have come to the place where the radioactive polonium and radioactive thallium are.
The time when the elder was talking and the young people were listening, and the young people were speaking and the elder was listening, and the elder was talking, and the young people were listening, and they were talking and they were listening, and they were looking at each other.
If someone is angry and speaks harshly, they are often upset and look for a way to make themselves feel better, seeking something to do to relieve their anger.
He said that the cattle were moved from the grazing area to a different grazing area, and the people were worried that the cattle would be stolen and that they would lose their wealth because of the theft, and they were also worried that the cattle would be taken away from them and that they would not be able to recover them.
I am going to the market to buy clothes for myself and my children, and to get something to eat for the family.
They are going to Bornéu to look for a good place to live.
The people of Runwa are being urged to leave their homes because the floodwaters are rising and will soon reach the level of the bridge, and there is a possibility of people being swept away and losing their belongings.
You are a good person. You have done good things, and you are loved by many.
The people of the Dinka area are looking for someone who can help them with their cattle, and they are seeking a person who is skilled in managing herds and who has knowledge of traditional methods of livestock care.
I am not happy that my family and I have no one to support us, and my family is always seeking help from others.
I am going to the market to buy clothes and shoes for my children and myself.
You have been working hard, but you are not eating properly, are you? Why are you always worrying and staying up late, and not eating enough to get strength for your work?
He said that the fire had burned down the house and that they had gone to the market to buy food and that they were waiting for the arrival of the livestock.
He is doing well, and we are happy that you are able to do things for yourself. We are grateful for the support you have given us, and we hope that things will get better.
It is true that the elders of our community have always been concerned about the well-being of the children, and they have consistently provided guidance and support for their education and future.
In the mountains, the eagles are hunting, and the foxes are also looking for food: (1) the jackals are barking, (2) the hyenas are howling, (3) the wild dogs are running.
You are going to return home, and you will be well. You will be safe.
He/She/It came and immediately the people of the village were very angry because of the way he/she/it spoke. They became angry and the people looked at him/her/it and asked him/her/it to explain what he/she/it had done.
The water is very cold and it is making the birds and the fish in the lake happy.
He is looking for a place to put the children so that they can be safe from the rain and the sun.
Yes, I understand, I will return only the translated sentence. Okay, here's the translation: Go back, the children are playing in the field and are very happy.
He took the goats to the market, and he gave them to Arithtarkäth to sell for a good price.
You are saying that because of the problems that have happened, we have become weary, and we are worried about the future. We are also suffering from the lack of food and the difficulty in farming, and we are not able to provide for ourselves (we are struggling).
If you are well, then come. / If you are not well, why aren't you coming?
People in the village are worried because they haven't received food and water. The market is very crowded and people are struggling to get what they need.
They are looking for a good place to build a house, and they are asking for help to buy land.
I went to the market in 2023 and bought some things with the money I earned working in Amazon.
The distance from Yier to Amadhon is 6,387km (3,980 miles). The road is difficult to travel.
He came and saw the pyramid, and he was very happy and went to see God/the place of worship and to ask for forgiveness for his sins.
He said that the flood in Egypt was a terrible disaster, and that the waters were so high that they covered everything, and that the people were terrified and ran to the mountains.
They (the people) of the Batikan region received 800 cattle, and they also used some of the cattle and some were slaughtered for the ceremony.
The man from Vatican City is going to visit Italy.
They said that the rain started, and the wind blew strongly, causing the dust to rise and the sun to set.
The people of Bati̱kan are Catholic.
He is asking me about the child who is walking and playing, but he is worried about the future, and he is also concerned about the hardship and suffering that we are experiencing, and he wants to know how we can overcome these difficulties and find a way to live well.
The cattle are being taken away from us because of the fighting, and the people have been fleeing for a long time, seeking refuge in the hills, and they are now suffering from hunger, thirst, and disease.
The people of the Dinka region are gathered and discussing (and looking for a way to improve) their livelihoods, seeking guidance and support for the advancement of their lives, and also to ensure the safety of their cattle and the well-being of their families.
The enemy has come and is destroying the land, and they are spreading destruction among the people, destroying homes and property.
The people of the world are gathered here to praise and give thanks to God. And we are here to express our gratitude to the Lord through Thilber and Daap.
You should return to the village and tell them that the cattle are safe.
The child is very happy and loves her mother. The mother loves her child very much.
The people of the Dinka community are planning a cultural event to celebrate their traditions and heritage.
Children, the land is dry and it is difficult for us to find grazing areas for our cattle.
Okay, here's the English translation of the Nuer sentence: "Listen, and you will understand that the world is vast and full of stories, and that our lives are like brief moments in its journey."
He is studying and working on the computer, and he is trying to learn how to use it to make a living.
He/She/It is going to bring the herd and the cattle to the grazing area for feeding.
The earth is not flat; it is spherical like a ball, and it revolves around the sun, and the sun revolves around the center of the galaxy, and the center of the galaxy revolves around the universe.
This is a good day; I am very happy and grateful. I am thankful for the love and support you give me.
He took the cow and the sheep to the market and sold them for money, and he gave some to his family and some to his relatives.
People who have wisdom are respected. Those who are not wise are not considered worthy.
When the sun rises, it shines with a brightness that covers an area of 70 kilometers, and its intensity covers an area of 100 kilometers.
The girl is carrying water from the well to the market.
The person is walking and singing in the market and she is carrying a basket of firewood. She is very tired and has been walking for a long time.
He is going to the market to buy food and drink, and he will give it to his family and friends.
He is coming to the place where we had a disagreement, and now he is looking for the reason why we are fighting, and he is trying to understand what happened.
He is telling me that the situation is not good, and I am worried about the future because things are difficult and the situation is getting worse.
He is going to look for something to eat, and Mathlɔwith and He̱rtbɛgith are going to look for something to eat too.
You are a good person, you have done much, the people are rejoicing greatly and they are praising you with their voices and with their bodies, and they are giving you honor as a noble person, and they are saying "You are a good person".
He is a good person, and he is known to be kind and generous; he is a friend to all who are good, and a helper to those who are in need, and he is always willing to lend a hand.
He has been searching for water, and they have been looking for me because I am suffering a great deal and I am very thirsty and weak because of the long journey and the heat.
If you are well, then you are happy and prosperous; may your life be long and your work be successful.
They are bringing the cattle to the market to sell them.
The water is in the sky, it is raining, and the clouds are coming, the sun is hidden and the darkness is approaching, it is getting cold and the wind is blowing.
They are eating meat and drinking water, and they are going to the market to buy food.
He/She/It is ready and willing to do it, and is eager to see the outcome of the work that has been done, to be satisfied with the result and to feel content with the good things that have come to pass.
The man is responsible for the maintenance of the house and its surroundings.
He said, "This is what we have done, and now we are looking for a place to settle down." He said that this is what we have done and now we are seeking a place to live.
Why do people struggle so much with their own problems, and instead go to others to complain and seek sympathy, and not try to solve their own issues themselves? It seems that people are always looking for excuses and blaming others for their own shortcomings.
You should return to the place where you are from, and bring the information you have gathered to me, so that we may discuss it and find a solution.
I am going to the market, to buy clothes and shoes for myself and my children, to wear for the wedding tomorrow.
He was angry/upset that his relatives had not come to visit him, and he was worried that they might not return and that they would not maintain the relationship.
Any-jɔ̱l (2006) argues that a continuous approach to language learning is more effective than rote memorization.
He asked me to go to the market to buy some clothes for me because I have no clothes and it is my right to be dressed.
My child, you are good and kind, and you are loved by everyone in this community.
He said that the people of the house had been worried and were discussing, and that the situation was difficult, and that they were going to go to the lake and the river.
Technology has brought many changes to our lives, and it is now a tool that helps us a lot.
The person is walking towards the water, and they are carrying a stick in their hand.
He said that Artificial Intelligence is a tool that can help us in many things, AI can be used for complex calculations, it can also be used to find information quickly and easily, and it can also be used to understand the meaning of things.
It is important that you return to the place where the machine is located, and that you ask the people there for help.
He is a good man, and he wants to work hard to build a good life for his family and to be respected in the community and to be a leader. He is also generous.
You should return to the place where you were born, for the young ones are calling you, and your parents are waiting for you to fulfill your responsibilities.
AI is a powerful tool that can help with economic development and also with business and communication using computers and video editing.
He is going to eat the food that was prepared for me. I am grateful to you for the gift you gave me and for the kindness you showed me.
Technology has brought many changes to our lives, and it is important to use it wisely. We have many artificial tools that help us with our daily tasks and make our lives easier. However, we should be careful not to become too reliant on technology, as it can negatively impact our health and well-being.
He is saying that the problem is that we are being troubled and are suffering a lot, and we are feeling pain in our hearts and bodies because of it.
This is the story of how Bennet, a friend of mine, learned about Kalipônia through a website. He was browsing the website and saw a post about how the website was being used to create a platform for people to share their stories and experiences, and how this platform was helping to raise awareness about issues affecting the community.
The children are going to the market to buy food and other things. They are going to the market to get food and the market is very crowded, and they are afraid because they have never been to the market before.
He/She/It gave/did something, and it was a very big problem that caused a lot of fear and worry among the people.
He told me that Jake went to war and was killed in battle, and his body was brought back and buried. (Toto,2004).
The people of the village are very happy because they have received the cattle and are celebrating with a big feast and dancing.
He is a big problem, constantly causing trouble and fighting. He is always looking for ways to cause problems using the internet, and he frequently uses the internet to spread harmful things and to deceive people.
He/She/It went to Canada and found that the government of Canada and the Gallerini people are very happy and have given me a job in Canada, and I am working there.
The people of Niagara Falls are building a church and a school in the area of Muthkoka and their surroundings.
He is looking for a place to live in Ontario, he is looking for a place in Canada and he is hoping to find a job.
You are going to get sick, so take care of yourself.
The people of the south are very happy and they are going to Markam to see the US and then they will live in Canada.
The people of the world are facing a great challenge because of the Covid-19 pandemic.
Madagascar is a large island in the Indian Ocean, and it is connected to the continent by a network of roads.
The people of Dhuɔli̱ have been suffering a lot, and they are being killed by the Pra̱nth, who are forcing them to flee their homes.
I am a Nubian (Nuer) person, and I am a Muslim, but I am not from the Republic of the Comoros or Mayotte.
In the 15th century, people from Europe were traveling by sea, and they found a route to India from Europe via Portugal and Vasco da Gama.
The people of this region are in great need, and their suffering is like the pain of the Atlantic Ocean.
He said that the people of the area are restless and worried about the lack of food, and they are asking for help.
He is very happy with the news (it has greatly pleased me).
They are having a discussion about the current situation in Kalcieri, and they are asking for help/support because things are difficult, and they are also expressing gratitude and appreciation, and they are making plans, etc.
If you are angry, you will be punished in the world, and you will also be punished in the afterlife (for the sake of the ancestors, and/or for the sake of the spirits!).
The Nuer people were among the Phinicians, the Romans, and the Merenid dynasty who came from the 10th century BCE, and they settled in North Africa.
In the year 1755, the White Father Missionaries came and established a mission in this place.
The elder of the village and the people of Daru I-Badya have been discussing and seeking guidance from the white people regarding the issue of the land.
You are a good person; I thank you and I appreciate you very much, brother Mörökö.
Geekni̱ Medina was walking in the fields, and she was carrying a basket of water, also carrying firewood, and she was going to the market, collecting, and carrying water with a container, and she was looking at the children playing in the distance.
From Goma, we traveled to the Democratic Republic of Congo, and then to Rwanda.
In 2002, the Goma eruption caused my family to flee and we went to Nyiragongo, where we lived in displacement, and we were suffering.
He went to Goma, and I saw that the food there is very expensive, and people are suffering because of the conflict in Kivu, and the situation is dire.
They are going to the gate of Nyiragongo, where many people are gathered to see gorillas in Africa.
The leather and the worn-out (old) shoes are for sale in Goma. I have about 500 Congolese Francs which I want to exchange for them.
We are going to the market to buy things, and we are saying, "Timbuktu" is a place far away, but it is a place we know, and we will go there.
It is true, Timbuktu is a place where I can find something, and it is a place where I can get a job there.
In 1990, the government of South Sudan did not have a strong political system to address the conflict between the Dinka and the Nuer, and the lack of leadership was evident.
We are grateful that the Lord Jesus Christ came and preached the Gospel, and the people of the Gaikue nation in the great continent of Africa heard it.
The Nuer people of the central part of Africa have a traditional way of returning goods.
The people of the Gua̱a̱th Yiënä region are looking for Krugɛr National Park (KNP) to establish a conservation area similar to the Thɔth of Africa, which exists in Mozambique and Zimbabwe, and also to protect the Yiër Kröködail.
The park is located in the area between 19,500 km2 and 14,000 hectares, and it is a source of livelihood.
The Nuer people are protecting the wildlife of South Africa through the South African National Parks (SANParks).
He said that the Giath Yiënä people of Africa, they have a tradition of eating and drinking, and they are very proud of their beautiful and strong horses.
The people of the Dërɛ group are like the Wild Card, as they are known in the languages of Southern Africa, specifically the Southern African languages.
The rain is falling, and the sun is shining, but the rain is still coming down, and the sun is still shining in the afternoon.
They are going to travel from the market to the city, and then from Victoria Harbour.
He/She/It is a good thing that the people of the Mijer community have started to build their own homes, and that they are now working hard to complete them; the people of Kowel are also looking forward to seeing the completed houses.
People are gathering in the village, and they are praising the wealth of the Dhuol people, saying that it is abundant and that they are grateful for the good things they have received.
The rain has fallen and the British people have come to collect the crops, and the people are worried about the lack of rain and the dry land, and the rain will eventually come.
Keth Thundarbani is a village near the river, and it is located about 80 km (50 mi) from Bangladesh and India, and it is a populated place.
Kɛn Thundarbani̱ is the one who advocated for the recognition of Heritɛg wecmuɔ̱ɔ̱n (World Heritage) by UNESCO, and it has been proposed to promote tourism in India through the Thundarbani̱ National Park.
The people of the Dinka, who are known for their bravery and strength, have returned from the battlefield, bringing with them valuable goods from the Gangetic region.
The area of Thurdarbani̱ is 3,850 km², and it is mostly used for grazing and is a source of livestock.
In 1966, the Thurdarnani community, who were residents of the Dɔaar area, suffered greatly when the Royal Bengal cop confiscated 30,000 head of cattle and 400 oxen.
The rains have stopped, but the sun is shining and the dry season has begun (in the north), the wind is strong and blowing, and the fields are now ready for planting. It will be from 6:30 to 7:30.
You should return the goods or pay the debt, otherwise, I will report you to the authorities and take action.
She went to the world of the white people in Japan and saw a very big house.
He/She/It will not be delivered/brought back, and it will not be taken to the place where the dust of the dead is, for the Lord will remember his people (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200).
The return of the Yier Öyapok is a matter of great importance and concern. The Yier Öyapok will be returned to the authorities in Brazil, and then the matter will be brought to the attention of the Guiana branch of the I'Öyapok.
The population of the area is 83, with a total of 378 households and an average household size of 3.50 people per family.
According to the publication *The Watchtower* of February 2011 and *Awake!* of June 2017, it takes approximately 15 minutes.
According to the Bible 2017, the people of Jɛn Kubri̱ are eager to share what they have learned, and they are sending a message of thanks to the elders in Brazil.
The people of Guarani and the people of Buon live in the community of Dintnijen, and they have been sent to work in Paraguay. They have been working in the area, and they are also doing other things like farming and building houses.
The people of Cakö region are looking for a place to settle, because they are tired of living in conflict and are seeking a safe home, like the Guaycuru and Payagua people, who have a strong tradition of peace.
In the 16th century, Paraguay was a difficult place; the letters "Jena Province in District, Jena and India" were sent, and the letters were written in a somewhat confusing Roman script.
He is telling me that the situation is very difficult and that he is suffering a lot.
In 1537, the Paraguayans who were fleeing from the war sought refuge and found a place to live and be safe.
Argentina is a country that has a beautiful and diverse culture that is rich in music and art.
The people of the town are going to have a meeting to discuss the problems of the people of the world and the difficulties of the people of Lath Kani̱ta̱th.
Go back to the place where the cattle and goats are, and let the children and the family come to look at the pasture.
You are requested to return a ticket for the tournament, which is taking place in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on the 20th of the month.
The price of 100 US dollars is equal to 130 South Sudanese pounds, and 100 South Sudanese pounds are equal to 0.06 US dollars.
The people are saying that the government is increasing the price of fuel, and this is causing hardship for the people of South Sudan.
The British government has announced that it will suspend the issuance of Italian credit cards and American dollars.
I need to pay the electricity bill and also pay my British and American credit card bills; I am struggling because the price of goods is very high and money is scarce.
He is going to Palkland to fetch water, and he will carry water back in a calabash.
I have traveled from Montevideo to Ecuador, and I have seen many beautiful things in the world; I have learned a lot from the people of Hampshire and the culture of the land.
Montebodio is in the tropics; the heat is intense, as it is currently above 30°C.
The people of the village are worried and have gathered: they say that the rain has been falling for a long time and the ground is becoming flooded, and the water level is rising towards the houses, so they are using thermometers to measure the temperature.
The elders say "the little one" is a good thing; the child is a blessing and a source of joy.
He said that the woman was walking to the market to buy some food, and the door was open, and she was going inside to get water.
Okay, here's the translation of the Nuer sentence to English: "I have been living in hardship and difficulty, and my life has been difficult and full of struggles. I have experienced 100 years of suffering, and my strength has been weakened and I am now 25 years old."
He is going to bring the book of the Bible, and he will preach the word of God to the people in the village.
He is a strong person, and he is known for his kindness and generosity, but he is sometimes stubborn and difficult to understand. He often hides his feelings and doesn't express them openly.
My heart is filled with sorrow and sadness because of the difficulties I face in this world, and I long for a peaceful and prosperous life, free from hardship and suffering.
Apia is a town in the district. The population of Apia is estimated at 400,000.
Apia was a cattle camp in the area of the Thamudic people in 1850, and became a market place in 1959.
In 1889, the Nuer people, who were in the village, traveled to Germany, America, and Britain, and [they] brought back stories of the world.
He has been a teacher of Nuer, and he was a teacher in British [times]. Later he went to Germany and America. He was a student at Harvard University.
He/She/It went to the market and bought a cow, and then came back to the village and told me about the things that happened in Tupua Tameth.
He is bringing many gifts to his relatives, and also many people in Auckland. They are all gathering to celebrate the wedding.
Nhiam from Harbour took a boat to Bäbdiit Pathipik, and then the boat went to Long Bay via a route from Devonport.
He is going to look for someone to help him, because he has a problem that is difficult to solve, and he hopes that someone will come to help him.
They have returned from Tamaki to Waitemata, they arrived from Tin di̱t tin to Baar Mission near St Heliers, in Auckland.
He is going to the market to buy goats and sheep for the children. He is carrying a little water.
The cattle are grazing in the field and the herd is saying, "My horns!" The cattle are grazing and the calves are near them, and the young ones are looking for a place to drink. The cattle are calling out to the goats, "Come here."
The people of the Teken region of the Dhiiland, which is in Australia, are looking for a place to live.
The water is very polluted, and the people are suffering because of it. They are asking for help to clean the water and have access to clean water.
He came from Australia, and then he worked as a 'plater' and lived where he was working. And he was working in a 'hotel', cappuccino and cream (or whipped cream), and he was making a cake.
I like chocolate more than coffee, which I drink every day.
After the cattle were taken, they went to the market to sell them, and the children were left at home to guard the remaining cattle.
The people of the road are suffering greatly, and the people of the town are also being affected by the conflict, so they are fleeing and seeking refuge.
In 1770, the Nuer people, led by their chief, fought a war and defeated the Dinka, causing great destruction and loss of life.
You have taken my life, and you have destroyed my future. You have stolen my happiness and left me with nothing.
The people are going to return from the market, and they are looking for a place to stay in Rome, near the Roman Catholic Church.
The person who is very clever and hardworking has been looking for a good opportunity to start a business and become prosperous.
He is telling stories about his journey, about the hardship and struggles he faced, and about the kindness and support he received from people he met and the hotel staff, and he is grateful for the help he was given.
They have been waiting for a long time, and they are looking for a place to sleep/rest because they are tired. They are going to the hotel.
You are going to return only the translated sentence.
I am going to the market to buy some things, and then I will go to the hotel.
He is angry with Pethiboli, and it is because of his actions that he is seeking revenge, and he is very determined to get it, and it is because of this that he is planning to take action.
In the forest, the thief who stole the cattle and the goats were caught, and the people who were looking for the thief were excited and ran after him.
The time has come for the people of the village to seek help from the elders, because the people are suffering and they are seeking assistance from the leaders to address the problems of the land and to restore peace and harmony.
He/She/It will bring the sheep and cattle to the market, and will sell them for money and buy a new cow and a goat.
In the year 2000, a great drought occurred, and the people were homeless, and the animals and plants died because of the long lack of rain.
He/She is looking for a vehicle in Peterberg, and he/she is asking about the price of the vehicle. (The vehicle is expensive).
He was angry because he saw that the enemy had attacked and killed many people, and he was worried that the enemy would continue to attack and destroy our land, and that the enemy would take our livestock and destroy our crops.
He doesn't like to be with people who are always talking, and he feels like a stranger among them, as if he is a separate person from everyone else, and he wants to go back to his home.
He is going to take the cattle to the market to sell them. He is also going to get some cloth and shoes, and then he will take the money to his family and buy food.
He went to the market and bought a cow, and he gave it to his father to slaughter, and they ate meat, and they were full.
He is a good person; he is a friend to me and to my family, and he is always there to support me in every way.
In the place where the cattle are grazing, the people are afraid because of the lions that are hunting them.
You are responsible for bringing the cattle back to the herd, and you are the one who will take the lead in the ceremony, and you will wear the new clothes.
"He was very angry, and his heart was heavy because of the troubles he faced in his life, and he was always worried about the future and his family's well-being."
He is going to the market and will buy some food and then he will go to Africa and stay there for a long time.
The world is facing a serious crisis because of the impact of the coronavirus, and it is a matter of concern for all of Africa.
He is walking, the cattle are grazing, and the children are playing and the women are carrying water and firewood.
Lony, Kuac's words are correct; it is true that the young men are going to the market to buy goods and bring them back.
A person who has been wronged ("a person who was cheated", "a person who was deceived", or "a person who was robbed") often feels sadness, and then experiences a strong desire to seek revenge.
The Olympic Games will take place from July 24th to August 5th, 2021. The ceremony will be held in Tokyo, Japan.
They were very happy when Ji Ecia came to the Olympics and won, and I remember the games at that time were in 1964.
In the time when the world was very difficult and suffering occurred, we did not see peace.
The plastic cup and the straw were thrown away, and the garbage was burned, which was a disappointment to the Olympic and reality show participants in the Coronavirus/chicken pandemic of 2020, as the Olympic games were cancelled.
The cost of the ticket is ¥2,500 to ¥130,000, and the processing fee is ¥7,000.
In the end of the day, the strong one will get the reward and the weak will be left behind. The government is a place where people fight for power and are killed because of it, so be careful.
In the midst of the struggle and hardship, we have experienced great difficulties and suffering, but we have not lost hope, and we will persevere.
It is time for the work to be done in the factory, and the people are seeking it. (My heart truly desires work, but I am not fortunate, for I am constantly struggling.)
He gave the sheep and goats to the relatives and friends, thanking them for the gifts given to me.
He/She/It will give the cattle to the chief and the people, and give the remaining cattle to the family.
He went to the market to buy clothes, but he didn't have enough money, so he borrowed a bottle of credit from the shop.
The child is very happy and wants to play with the children in the village.
He is saying that the fire is spreading, and the smoke is rising, because the people are looking for food and the fire is burning strongly, and the smoke is billowing, because the fire is growing.
If you are looking for something, you are searching and it is not in the water or in the land, but it is in the sky and in the clouds.
You should return the cloth, and the one who took it should return it to the owner, because the cloth belongs to them, and the one who took it should give it back.
He said that the people of the land are suffering greatly and are crying out for help, and that the government is not listening to their pleas, but rather is taking advantage of them.
They are bringing the herd of Mariön to the grazing land in the north, and the people are going to graze their livestock in the area of Caar Bupalö-Pi̱tthbääg. They are following the grazing routes, and the cattle are roaming freely in the fields.
I went to the market and bought some clothes, and my father told me that the cloth is very beautiful, soft like cotton, and the color is like a shining star.
He was driving a vehicle at a speed of 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) - and the dust from it and the sound of the engine were very loud.
If you are unwell, I am worried. The people of the world are suffering greatly, and many are dying. This is a grave matter, and it concerns all people of the world.
The people of German-speaking Bavaria are my people. I am also from the region of Austria.
He went to the market to buy a chicken and some goats.
I know German, but I don't understand it.
My people are going to visit the city and then to Berlin, for pancakes and doughnuts.
"You are my friend, and I will always love you. I will never forget you, and you are always in my heart."
Curry is a valuable thing, and a good person is a treasure.
People in India and Pakistan often eat a dish called "curry," which is made with various ingredients and is very flavorful.
The year 2017, the lake dried up and the fish died, causing widespread famine in Indonesia and leading to migration and conflict.
The people are saying that the government's promises are not being fulfilled, and the people are suffering greatly because of it.
This is the time that the people of the government are looking for a solution to the problem of the lack of development and the suffering caused by it, and they are asking for the help of Java to find a way to improve the situation and alleviate the suffering of the people.
He is seeking a way to improve the well-being of the community through education and building schools.
The people of the Dinka (or Lakes) region are gathered in the market, carrying their goods and selling them.
He is showing great respect and admiration for me, and he is very happy and pleased that I am present. He also says that it is good for the youth to be together and to learn from each other.
My child, you are like a precious treasure, and you are a source of joy and happiness. You are also a blessing from God.
Okay, here's the English translation of the Nuer sentence: "You are welcome, I am going to the country of England to study and to work, and I will go back after I have finished my studies and I have established myself as a respected person."
The situation in Cochabamba, Bolivia, is worse than in South America, and it is a problem that affects my heart.
He/She/It is being taught by the elder, and I am learning from him/her/it. The elder is teaching me how to read and write in the language of the people and I am happy about it.
He gave the cattle to the people and they took them to their home, but they did not give the cattle to the people in the evening.
He is going to give a gift, and I will be happy and grateful, and I will be very glad. Gratitude is a good thing, and I will be very happy for him.
The people are struggling a lot—they are desperately seeking the word of God because they have been suffering for 5000 BC!
The people of the Shilluk (Nuer) migrated and settled in the year 1861, and some went to Norway and Australia.
He is taking us to the place where we will have a meeting.
He brought the cattle and goats to the market, and I went to look for my father. He brought the cattle and goats to the market, and I went to look for my mother.
You are going to return to the place where you left your belongings.
Go back to the place where I was born, and bring my belongings, my cattle, and my livestock. You have wrongly taken my property and caused me great distress.
Europe is a place where we have seen many beautiful things, and it is a place where we can find peace. We have learned from the experiences of others and are working towards a better future.
We are going to Schengen and then we will return.
In my heart, I feel a strong desire to speak the truth, even if it causes anger and sorrow, because I believe it will bring understanding and peace.
I have gone to Europe with a Schengen visa, but I didn't get the papers to travel to the country and I am worried about my future.
The person who stole my cow has been caught, and the cow is back. That person is in jail for 100 days.
They are going to travel to the north, and they will travel to Europe.
You have to return it.
The first chicken is eating a very big egg, and the third chicken is looking at the eggs because the chicken is laying eggs and the eggs are very good.
He/She went to Sami's house and we ate a lot of food there, and we were very happy.
It is not good, Sami people are suffering a lot. The situation in Sapmi is difficult and the problems are increasing, and the Sami people are struggling.
You are my soul, and I love you very much. You are a "Gypsy" (Roma) and you are my true love, and I will not forget you.
I want to go to the market to buy clothes.
You have been a good person and have brought a lot of joy; I have seen that you have been through a lot and have endured hardship. The people of the village/community have gathered to celebrate and to praise you.
We are going to America, then to the Middle East, and then to Europe and finally to Somalia.
You are welcome to come, we are happy.
The doctor is examining the patient and will prescribe medicine for her.
You have been very clever to come to me, and I will give you a good gift and a wonderful house.
The people are gathered here to discuss the situation, and we are all concerned about the suffering of our people, especially those who are victims of the violence. We are all worried about the fate of our people.
He was angry with me, he was sad with me, and the things that happened to me made me feel like I was being punished; I was tired, and my heart was heavy.
My heart is sad and my eyes are weeping, and my body is aching, and my spirit is weary and my strength is gone.
He/She/It is a difficult matter to speak of, and it is a source of worry/concern for my family/kin, for they are restless/uneasy about the situation.
You should return what you borrowed; it is a matter of respect.
The cattle are going to the pasture, and my children are there to look after them.
The government has started building schools in the area to encourage children to attend school.
I have been looking for a place to rest for 2-5 days because I am tired and my body aches a lot.
The book I am reading is very interesting and it makes me think about the past and the future of my people.
The people have gone to the market to buy food and drink, and they are going to the place where they will meet and celebrate with the elders.
He brought the food and gave it to the children, and the children ate the food (X).
He said that the cattle are ready and the goats are in the pasture.
The story of the massacre of the Dinka in Wagakni, which took place on December 11, 2001, in Pay Ba̱ŋuan county.
This is the day the people celebrated with joy and happiness.
Win-win is what I want, and with my people, I am building a good future.
I have been looking for you, and I am very happy to see you. I am very glad to see you.
You are walking, and the sun is setting; my body is tired, my legs are weak, and I am very hungry.
He/She is going to the market/store and will buy some things.
He/She/It is going to become a good person, and will be happy and prosperous, and will be respected and have a good reputation among people.
He has already started to put the clothes on, and he is trying to get ready for the ceremony and to be respected by his relatives and friends. He is also looking for a good place to sit and rest.
He told me that the cattle are healthy and have been grazing in the pasture, and that the goats are also healthy and are drinking water.
My heart is sad because of the hardships I've faced, and I have endured many difficult things, and I am now struggling with this loneliness.
He asked me to go and look for a good place to sleep, and I went and found a good place to sleep, and now I am tired and I am going to rest because I have been working hard and I am very tired.
He asked me to go and deliver the message to the chief in the village.
The people of the region have been suffering greatly, and the problems are intensifying, causing a lot of hardship and despair.
Until the rain stops, we will not go to the field because the ground is too wet for harvesting.
He/She/It brought the fire and the people to the place where the buffaloes were. They are looking for a place to make a new settlement.
He/She is a good person and she/he is loved by all and has a good reputation among people.
He said that the people of the tribe had built a pyramid and were going to build another pyramid in the north of the tribe.
In 1819, the Dhuɔ̱li̱ nyin Thɔth Cɛtlɛn were located in the area between the 16th and 20th parallels, and they migrated to the area of the ŋuan i̱ kɛɛ nyinkiɛn kä teekɛ bethni̱ ti̱ ŋuan kä ŋot.
The archipelago, which is about 120 kilometers to the north of the city of King Joj, was destroyed by the Earthquakes of the Third Bible.
He is going to the Libyan city, and I want to see the people there, because I have heard that the water is very scarce in that place.
The elder of the village and his people have gone to the market to buy sorghum and millet in Bellingen.
Here's the translation of the Nuer sentence to English: "We have gone to the place where the water flows, and we will return to where the water flows, about 360 kilometers eastward, which is a glacier in Minnesota."
They have built the Sentinel Renewable Energy project in Antarctica, with the Mathip Plateau being 4892m above sea level.
I am going to the market to buy clothes, because I have money to buy them.
He is a good person; he has a good heart and is kind to people, and he is also generous and helps those in need.
He said that the situation is difficult and that the people are suffering, and that they are longing for a leader who will bring them peace.
He has already given the sheep and cattle to the relatives and friends, and is now looking for his family and neighbors.
Käth is in the market and she is selling beads to buy a hoe and a cooking pot.
He is a great person who always helps and supports his family; and he is always willing to help and support his relatives, and he is always kind.
If you are angry, your heart and mind become agitated, and you become restless and disturbed, unable to rest peacefully.
You have gone to the market to buy a new cloth for your wife.
We are going to Finland to buy clothes, and we will also buy shoes. He said, "My body is tired," and he went to rest, and he said that his body was tired from walking a long distance.
The rain has fallen and the ground is wet, so we will not go out.
He told me that the medicine was good and that it would cure the sickness, and that it had been given to many people and had healed them, and that it was a powerful medicine for the pain in my stomach.
The world is very big, I have been to Finland, I have seen beautiful places and enjoyed the beautiful sights.
From the world, I have been to Norway, Sweden, and New Zealand. I have seen beautiful places and people (I have traveled and experienced many countries).
They are going to the Baltic region to visit the city of St. Petersburg, Russia.
He brought the cattle from the market and gave them to the children, and they enjoyed the meat and milk very much.
We went to the market and bought a chicken and some goats for the wedding (cite 2009).
I will return to the place where I was born in Berlin, and I will be a citizen of Germany. My family and I are currently living in Berlin, and we are looking for a place to live because we are struggling to find affordable housing.
He is walking quickly, and I am following him to the market, because I need to buy something to eat.
You are my friend, I am very happy that you are here. I am very happy that we are together and that we can talk and share stories.
The elder said that the people of the community are worried about the increasing number of people who are abandoning their ancestral lands and settling in the city, and they are concerned about the loss of their cultural identity.
He gave a great deal of advice, and he was respected by many people because of it. However, some people were angry with his words, and they spoke against him.
He is seeking a solution, and he is trying to find a way to reconcile the differences between the two groups, because he believes that he has found a way to unite them.
He has been looking for a good job, and he is searching for a suitable opportunity to start his own business and become self-sufficient.
The child is sitting and playing with a small toy, and the mother is looking/watching the chickens and the goats carefully, while I am just observing them.
The people are saying that the cattle are healthy and have a lot of milk, and the children are happy because they have plenty of food.
Listen carefully, for I have a thought: that the things that were, will be, and that the way of life is being destroyed, and the people are being scattered from their land and the land is being stolen from them!
The man is angry, and the woman is worried about the problems that have arisen between them, because they are arguing and there is no reconciliation between them. They are both dwelling on the past, and they are still holding onto grudges from when A did this and B did that.
The world is dark because the sun has set, and the moon has risen. The stars are shining in the sky, and the darkness is spreading. The owls are hooting in the night, and the animals are sleeping.
The capital of Moldoba is Cithinaw. The people there are skilled in crafting and weaving, and the land of Romania is large and fertile.
He/She/It brought the news that the chief had decided to go to court.
In 1994, the people of the region experienced a severe famine due to drought which affected the agricultural production of the Möldöba area. They became dependent on food aid from the UN and its agencies.
The economic situation in our area is very difficult, and people are suffering from hunger and lack of food.
Religion in this is Moldovan Orthodox.
I am going to the airport in Turkey, and I will take a flight to Istanbul, and I will go to the courthouse on July 3rd.
I am going to return to my home in Thimairna, and I will also go to my parents, I will also go to my siblings, and I will go and visit my friends in the village, and I will also go to the market to buy food.
In the 18th century, the Kuthni̱ people, who were scattered in the regions of the Mediterranean, Europe, and Turkey, migrated to the area around the Nile River, seeking refuge from the conflicts and hardships of life.
The people of Haldarthi have been killed by the White Army, and their possessions have been taken, and their houses burned.
He is a good person who understands the importance of taking care of the elderly and respecting elders.
He is going to the market to buy cattle and goats.
He is my friend and we are in a romantic relationship, and we are very close and love each other deeply like Lord Byron.
I have been working hard for 403 days and I am weary, so I am returning to my home in Roeka.
He told me that the people of Thaŋcuari̱ (in the village) had sent a message to me, and he told me that the people of ŋa̱ckɛ were greatly saddened by the death of Lady Patima.
He is going to sell his livestock, and he will use the money to buy something to eat, and then he will go to his home to rest, and he will be happy with his family because they are healthy.
He is strong, but he is not a man who can easily be defeated. He is a man who will fight and be victorious, and he is a man who will fight and be strong. He is a man of great courage/bravery.
He has already taken the cattle and goats to the market, and he is looking for a place to sleep. He then went to the house of his father-in-law.
You are a good person; you are also a good friend and I thank you.
The people of Ruac, who are from Barcelona and Catalonia, are a distinct group. They have a strong connection to their land and the people of Catalonia, and they are known for their warmth and hospitality.
Because it is the year 2023, the people of Catalonia are celebrating their culture and traditions with joy and happiness.
Okay, here's the English translation of the Nuer sentence: "Listen, the situation is very difficult, and we are facing a lot of problems that are causing us distress."
The doctor said that the meeting of the Metro was held in Katalon, where the government’s problems were discussed and the relationship between the country and the world was strengthened, including countries like Spain, England, France, Arabic, and Japan.
He/She/It is being taught to do work, and is learning to weave.
He and I went to the market, and we bought food, and I gave some to my children and my family, and then I went to Paris and bought a lot of clothes, and I bought a beautiful dress (which I liked very much). They were happy to see me.
He went to Paris to study and now he is working as a teacher in my village.
People are leaving from their villages and going to the north, they are looking for work, for food, and for a better life, and they are coming from the Atlantic and the Mediterranean.
He said that the people of the village had been suffering from hunger and thirst, and that the cattle and goats were dying, and the people were suffering from the lack of food and water; and the people of the village were suffering from hunger and thirst.
She is going to bring the child and carry him/her to the house and she will cook food for the family.
He has returned from Europe, bringing with him goods, money, cloth, beads, and other things, and he is bringing a large amount of cattle to his family.
When the cattle are taken to the market, people go to buy them and sell them.
He is a skilled person, and he is known for his wisdom and integrity, and he is also a respected leader in his community, and he is known for his kindness and generosity to all people, and he is always willing to help those in need.
He is very angry, and because of that, he is troubled and upset about the situation.
He said that the situation is very difficult and that we have no way to resolve the conflict and stop the fighting, and that it is causing a lot of suffering and hardship. This is a serious problem!
Go to Majorca, it is a place on the Mediterranean, and it is very beautiful, the climate is warm (like a warm place), and it is full of olive trees.
My people, the time has come for the harvest, and the Lord of Hosts is watching: For the harvest is ripe, the tomatoes are plentiful, and the earth is overflowing with fruit and vegetables, and it is abundant.
He is going to the market, and he is carrying his goods in a basket, and he is speaking to his relatives about the work he does.
They are taking him to the market to buy a goat and a chicken.
You should return the money you borrowed from me, and also give back the items I gave you, because I need them and I have something else to do, and I will be very angry if you don't return them immediately.
He wants to go to Italy and he is studying to become a doctor because he wants to help his people.
He is telling me that he is going to go to the market and buy some clothes.
I am tired, and I have a headache because I studied a lot; I am very worried, and I have a lot of work to do.
He is learning grammar and it is difficult.
Yes, it is true that the Nuer language has a grammatical system that is different from the English language. However, the grammatical system of Nuer is not related to the grammatical system of the language of Perthia.
The thing I told you, I went to Rome, and then I traveled to Portugal.
You are welcome, I have been to China and I have seen the great towers of Portugal, and I have seen the vast and magnificent cities.
He is a doctor, and he is busy with work, but he still has time to help the poor, because he is a compassionate person.
He said that the people of the village have been suffering from hunger and thirst, and they are struggling to find food and water. The people of the area have been looking for a leader, hoping that they will be able to resolve the problems and bring relief.
He told me that the rain is coming and the wind is strong and the sun is shining and the earth is getting warm.
Guëc gaakni̱ Cerry, I have been studying about the history of Japan, and it was in the 8th century.
He is going to China to study, and he is also going to school to learn.
In Japan, the ceremony of the enthronement of the emperor is performed with great pomp and ceremony.
He said that the government is trying to force us to go back to the camps, but we are not willing to return; we are saying "we don't want to go back."
He said, "You are a child, and you are like a bird in the sky, and you are a small thing."
Singapore has a large population and is a long way from the heartland, but it has a special place in my heart, and I often think of the people and things there.
The man said, "In the name of God, may this beast be vanquished and destroyed, and may the people (of the land) be safe from its terror (for a long time), and may they not be devoured or consumed (in the future, or ever)."
Return to me, for I will go forth and see the place where the Lord appeared to me in Hebron, and I will uphold the witness that is written in the Bible of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and the ancestors.
He is a good person, and he went to Hebron and to the town of Judah, to the city of Kiryat Arba.
You are a good person; may your life be long and your future be bright.
This is the time that the Lord sent the rain, and the Lord Rainy came and blessed it, and the waters of the Danube flowed and brought forth the fish of Lake Victoria.
The man brought the chicken and the sheep to the market and he sold them all for money.
The time has come for us to see the glory of the Lord, and we will see the glory of the Lord when we are with the Lord, and we will be with Jesus.
You should return to the place where you came from. We are tired and have been waiting a long time for you to come. You are a Christian, and you are our brother. You are a Christian and you are our kin.
You are going to the market to buy food, and you will give me some money for it, because I have no money and I am hungry.
The people of the house are very angry with the people of Krucini, and they have caused much trouble and suffering to the people of Krucini, and they have taken their cattle and property.
Duel Kuthni̱ ti̱ ŋuan tee wal la kɛn ɛ nin palä kɛ Wäär Ithtɛr kɛ cäŋ kä bäkɛl kɛ jɛn Ithtɛr thuɔ̱k jokä, kä la muɔ̱n lo̱ckiɛn laa tɛth kä bi̱ kɛ ŋar niɛ kä jɛn pɛth wa̱rda̱a̱r thi̱n kä la̱tkɛ tɛ̈th lɔaac kɛ kui̱c kä ɣöö Yecu rɔ jiɛc li̱th. Return only the translated sentence: The world is filled with love, and all people are created equal. All people have a right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. All people are called to love one another and to live in peace. All people are created with a purpose, and all people are capable of great things. All people are children of God, and all people are worthy of love and respect.
He is going to the market to buy things and he will give me some money, and he will give me a cloth.
The people of the Archipelago are returning to the continent, and they are seeking knowledge and wisdom, just as the people of the Galapagos seek it.
You are my father, and I am your child from the Galapagos. I am always thinking of you, and I miss you greatly, my father, my mother, and my child.
I have traveled from the north, across the Arctic and Antarctic, and I have seen the polar regions, and I have learned much from the people who live in those places.
The sky was dark and the Northern Lights were appearing, and the light that shone with a rainbow color was illuminating the entire night.
He/She/It gave me a lot of money, and now I have taken/acquired a big house, and I am happy with my family.
They are going to Japan to study and learn, and they want to get a good education so that they can become leaders in their community and country.
The people of the Dinka area have started to build their homes, and now they are constructing new homes and old homes.
My heart is heavy and I am sad, I have no strength to do anything anymore, and I am very tired.
He is giving advice that the people of the village should listen to the elders and the fathers, and that the elders should listen to the fathers and the fathers should listen to each other, and that the village should be united and prosper.
