"We have one rat that doesn't have sugar sickness, and it has 4 paws," the man said.
Dr. Ehud Ur, he is a professor of research at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and he is the medical science and clinical section of the Canadian Diabetes Association who tells people that this research is new.
It seems like those other doctors, they have two ideas that they can treat diabetes, they say that these things they found in it are not for people who have Type 1 diabetes.
In Sweden, the first secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature of the Swedish Academy said on Swedish Radio in Sweden that they were unable to speak with Bob Dylan about the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature that he won, and they did not try to speak with him again.
Danius said, "Not yet, we are not working on doing anything. I have asked and sent emails to the person who can work with him and I have taken those good suggestions and this one is suitable."
Bipo, Ring's CEO, Jamie Siminoff, said that this company started when he couldn't afford to repair one of his two houses when he was working at his store in his hometown, selling cars.
He/She did one WiFi for two, he/she said.
Siminoff said that the number of things he does for Salim went down when he appeared on an episode of the Shark Tank program, and the other people inside the program didn't want to give him any money to help his business.
Close to the end of 2017, Siminoff came to QVC, a television 'channel' for selling things.
He, Ring gave money to a security company, ADT Corporation, who wanted to take him to court.
A recent study they did showed that it defeated the number of people who died from Ebola. In this current time, there isn't a study that clearly identifies the place that can fix this disease.
One treatment that used the 'antibody', named ZMapp, was thought to be able to cure the disease, but later studies showed that it was not effective in saving people who died from the infection that they had thought it could treat.
During the time they performed a test they called PALM, ZMapp was used as a 'control', meaning the scientists used it as a 'baseline' to compare how other treatments worked against it.
USA Gymnastics supports the guidelines of the United States Olympic Committee, and they believe that this is a very important thing for the Olympic family in creating a safe and healthy environment for all athletes.
We are united with the standards of USOC which speaks of the good of their 'athletes' and 'clubs', and their games, and this can happen when we go and do our work and bring good ideas inside the organization, and it doesn't issue certificates.
USA Gymnastics supported an investigation that could find out who allowed the abuse of other men or women to happen in this kind of large scale when others were taking this kind of abuse from Larry Nassar and he told them he would do good deeds and make things right.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC have one kind of thinking – to make the sport of 'gymnastics', and others, they come to say that everyone will be safe so that 'athletes' can pursue their dreams in a safe, positive, and good environment that makes them feel able to do something.
Inside the 1960s, Brezezinski served as an advisor to John F. Kennedy and later worked for the Lyndon B. Johnson administration.
In 1976, he gave advice to Carter on "foreign policy," and afterwards he replaced Henry Kissinger and worked as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981.
When he worked as NSA, he helped Carter make good decisions regarding world affairs, such as the Camp David Accords in 1978; and established normalized relations with China in 1970; the Iranian Revolution, which led to the Iran hostage crisis in 1979; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
This movie with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone is inside of it, they all make him be inside of all these 'categories'.
They won the Golden Globe for Best Actor and Best Actress.
They made the selections for the categories of Best Picture, Director, Cinematography, Costume Design, Film Editing, Original Score, Production Design, Sound Editing, Sound Mixing, and Original Screenplay.
Tupelal's song for this movie, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, was recognized as the 'best original song'. They submitted it to Lionsgate studio 26 times—this is more than any other 'studio'.
In Sande, US President Donald Trump said in a letter that his press secretary read, that US soldiers would liberate the country of Syria.
This statement confirms that Trump spoke on the phone with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Listen up, this letter says that Turkey will do the work of punishing the ISIS soldiers, and the countries of Europe don't want to let them return to their home countries.
This one is like truly some of those dinosaurs had fish grass, one idea that many others had, but this gives them information that the fossils couldn't provide, like the color and 'three-dimensional arrangement'.
The scientists say that the color of the grass of this animal is 'chestnut-brown' on the inside, along with a 'pale' or 'carotenoid-colored' on the outside.
This work, mind you, gives some thought to how the grass of the fish comes to be.
Small fossilized fern spores from the dinosaur era did not have a 'well-developed shaft', which scientists call a 'rachis', but they had two other things on their spores—'barbs' and 'barbules'—lines that went past this structure, leading scientists to believe that this 'rachis' hindered the development of these fern spores from the dinosaurs.
The structure of these birds of the Pidgin language is like the work of themselves; they don't fly, but they make the body temperature of themselves stay good and also absorb the color of others. The scientists who study this work and find out think that, even though this tells of one dinosaur, this 'sample' absorbs the grass of one big dinosaur and it's not the grass of a small dinosaur.
Others who have done this work think that, even though this tells of one type of dinosaur, it suggests that the grass eaten by fish was not as plentiful as the grass for small dinosaurs.
A bomb was placed in a car and exploded in front of the police office in Gaziantep, Turkey this morning, killing two police officers and injuring more than twenty other people.
The governor's office said that nineteen of these people who are injured have come into contact with police officers.
The police said they suspect that one soldier of ISIS (ISIL) has come to this place.
They understand that the Sun possesses various kinds of great thoughts like other stars: This activity of those people within their system, they understand as 'luminosity' and 'rotation' that they can do, and there is nothing else present.
This "luminosity" and "rotation" of them all are used together to cause the Rossby number of a star to be affected, and this has a relationship with "plasma flow."
If the Rossby number is small, the magnetic reversal of this one will not be very active.
In this round of his, Iwasaki suffered many setbacks.
The "pirate" pretended to be him and took his belongings. A sick doctor treated him in Tibet, he fled across the border to Nepal, and they arrested him in India.
802.11n stands ready and operates on two frequencies, 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz.
This can do it, it can work 'backwards' with 802.11a, 802.11g, and it can work if this 'base station' has 'dual radios'.
The 802.11n spectrum is more crowded than other frequencies that used to have the maximum theoretical throughput of 600Mbit/s.
Duvall is married and has two children, and she didn't make Miller love her, which is why this story is being told to her.
When they asked him to do some talking, Miller said, "Mike can talk a lot from time to time about this project...He works with readiness as if I don't hear what he works on saying."
We will work hard to reduce the amount of 'carbon dioxide' that is contributing to one 'unit' of GDP in the major increase in 2020 compared to the level in 2005, he said.
He will not do the wrong thing with the money that will fall into his hands, and he said that they will do this behind him, just like the money China made.
He strengthens the countries that are working towards development, to clean up the pollution created by my generation in the past.
He said something like, "They must not be allowed to ask those involved in the work that is currently underway in their development area, the work they are capable of doing, or the knowledge they possess."
This Iraq Study Group gave its report at 12:00 GMT today.
He told the onlookers that at this time, no one can say that one type of plan will stop the fights that will become problems for society, crosses, and great destruction.
This report states that one request must include an 'open debate' and a discussion of how a particular idea came to be a policy of the United States regarding the Middle East.
This report clearly states that all things inside this Executive policy are going to Iraq and that it strongly asserts that there must be a reason for it.
Number one name from the 78 recommendations is that there must be a new 'diplomatic initiative' before this year ends to ensure the bonds of Iraq are safe and to foster good relations with neighboring countries.
In the morning, in La Plata, a site that is 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires, this senator, who is Argentine First Lady Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, said that she will run for president.
Mrs. Kircher stated her intention to run for president of the Argentine Theatre, at the same location where she used it to launch her 2005 campaign for Senate as a member of the Buenos Aires province's delegation.
This bitter talk has become big because of others who used a lot of money to help rebuild houses and other things that Hurricane Katrina destroyed; some of the people who got rich from the money the government used called this "Bush's New Orleans Deal."
The Liberal Party said that they would create jobs, but because there are things that were damaged, they were looking to give construction contracts to businesses that have some connections to people who are based in Washington.
Over four million people are going to Rome for this funeral.
This number of people who are present at this time is very big, like all the others are not able to go inside this funeral which is being prepared to go inside St. Peter's Square.
Many television screens have been placed in various locations in Rome so that people can watch this funeral.
Many people from Italy and from their communities on the ground, a lot from Poland, they made one kind of "setup," and many people watched this funeral.
Others know how to study history and speak against the FBI policies that put resources into cases that are difficult to solve, especially the sheep on the side of the cars that others stole, so that they want to make the FBI big in solving cases and get them back on track.
Congress was advocating for giving money to the 'obscenity initiative' when it was making its 2005 budget and said that the FBI must provide 10 agents to investigate 'cases' of 'adult pornography'.
Robin Uthappa scored the most points and won these points in this 'inning'; he scored 70 'runs' off 41 balls, hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid were able to score 100 runs each when they batted together.
However, after the captain lost his 'wickets', India scored 36 'runs' but lost 7 'wickets' in this 'innings'.
U.S. President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on the morning of November 16th to begin a week-long trip to Asia.
Singapore's Deputy Prime Minister Wong Kan Seng said he discussed 'trade' and 'terrorism' with Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
During the week that the losers came from the 'midterm election', Bush spoke to another group of people and talked about 'expansion' that would come from 'trade' with Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to submit the 'Clean Air Act' of the government to a single 'all-party committee' for scrutiny, before the second time it is read, this will be followed by a 25-minute meeting with NDP leader Jack Layton at the PMO.
During this meeting with the PM, Layton asked about some policies to come from the environmental paper that the "conservatives" came up with. He asked about the "right track that effectively addresses all the things that are being done and effectively benefits everyone" in this environmental paper of the Conservative party.
When the Federal Government came, it took the money of the Mercy Hospital in Devonport, Tasmania. The government of this 'state' and some MPs of the government strongly say this is a trick to prepare for the election that will come in November.
Therefore, Prime Minister John Howard said that he is a good friend, so he gives this money to help with the buildings and machinery of this hospital, so the Tasmanian government cannot let the hospital's standard decline, as he is giving these other people AUD$45 million.
This news reports that the level of the 'sea readings' has risen as if a tsunami has struck. There was indeed some tsunami activity that was recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
In Tonga, there are no reports of major damage caused by anything or anyone, but there is no power, and this has caused the authorities in Tonga to not heed the tsunami warning issued by PTWC.
All the footprints on the schools in Hawaii that are near or close to the harbor were seen in Trinde, even though they had removed this caretaker.
U.S. President George W. Bush welcomes this greeting.
Bush Gordon Johndroe's spokesman said North Korea's 'pledge' is "one big thing that contributes to their thinking about accepting 'verifiable denuclearization' of the Korean 'peninsula'."
These are the ten biggest wins that people are talking about during this Hurricane season, Subtropical Storm Jerry, and it is moving from near the coast of the Atlantic Ocean towards the tropics.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) said that at this time Jerry is not located in a position to cause landfall.
The U.S. Corps of Engineers estimates that 6 inches of rain will damage the levees that are already damaged and standing.
Ninth Ward, the floodwaters became as high as 20 feet during Hurricane Katrina, and now its height is still contained by the levee near it that is protecting it from the water that flooded it.
The fish that swam into the net went inside the 100-foot section of the reef.
Commons Administrator Adam Cuerden said to his colleagues about the 'deletions' during his conversation with Wikinews when the moon was full.
You [Wales] have manipulated us for the sake of everything new. In the past, he acted as if he was working to create this because he wanted to be ahead. Later, he acted as if he was working to put you and to harm us, and he went ahead when he made the 'deletion'.
The community has crossed over and this has led to the creation of policies regarding "sexual content" on this "site" which has millions of "open-licensed media" used.
This work, they do it to create some ideas, but they wrote this program to follow the things they saw in the Sagittarius 'galaxy'.
Everything this team is working on to capture the first signs of tight-named things in the dark matter of this galaxy and the dark matter of the Milky Way galaxy is coming.
It seems like everything, even the moon, knows that there is a force that can pull the ground and move with it, and the stars, even the Milky Way, also have a force that can pull the Sagittarius galaxy towards it.
Scientists are not able to come up with a single idea where 'dark matter' acts in the same way as other 'dark matter' in a way that all 'matter' does.
This scientific thinking says that a lot of 'dark matter' around a 'galaxy' is arranged like a 'halo', and it contains many 'small particles' inside it.
Television gives reports about the smoke that comes from this factory.
The authorities have given instructions to those living close to this area to turn off the air-conditioner, as they cannot drink water from the tap inside the house.
The Japanese nuclear agency said they found 'radioactive cesium' and 'iodine' in this fallout.
The authorities believe that this is like those containers that hold 'uranium' in this center and must break and leak.
Dr. Tony Moll is dealing with the Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the KwaZulu-Natal region of South Africa.
In one interview, he said that this new 'variant' has become very heavy and serious because many people have died.
I think some of those patients have taken this animal from the hospital, Dr. Moll thought, and also the other staff of the hospital.
Within a year, a person who is sick with this creature can give this illness to 10 or 15 others who are close to them.
However, the percentage of XDR-TB within a group of people with tuberculosis is decreasing from 60,000 out of 330,000 people who have contracted the disease at one time in South Africa.
This satellite, belonging to the team that won 1,000 pounds, which operates at a distance of 17,500 miles from one pole, crashed 491 miles inside the Earth.
These scientists say that this meteorite that came when these two things collided caused a lot of damage.
They will work for a long time to overcome the great pain of this big disaster and how it became the kind of damage on Earth.
The United States Strategic Command, part of the U.S. Department of Defense, works to prevent catastrophic events.
The results of the 'plotting analysis' will be posted on a public website.
A doctor from Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, said that they will charge him with 'aggravated murder' after finding his mother dead in the back seat of his car in Trindale, authorities in Ohio said.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found by them in Blue Ash, Ohio, in a community that is like 15 miles from the area not belonging to Cincinnati, and he was sleeping on the ground behind a tree, wearing a T-shirt and shorts, and he looked as if he had taken many drugs, and his thoughts were unclear.
He spoke to the officers about the black Oldsmobile Intrigue that is 500 feet away.
In the village, they found the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, wrapped in blankets that were stained with blood.
The police said that this body appears to be inside a place like one of those days.
They reported on the first case of this disease during this season in the back of July.
This sickness, these pigs, they can carry, and the mosquitoes they can bite on the pigs and give it to people.
This 'outbreak' made the Indian government do these things like clearing the homes of people who are susceptible to malaria in areas with many sick mosquitoes, and giving mosquito nets and spraying 'pesticide'.
Those millions of vials for encephalitis that the government promised to provide will redeem the health agencies so they can do work in the coming years.
The places where these medicinal plants are given go to areas that have a history of many people being sick from this year, because they didn't have enough money and didn't think of it as a big thing when they treated themselves with other sicknesses.
In 1956, Slania moved to Sweden. For triple years, she started working at the Swedish Post Office and became their 'chief engraver'.
He brought more than 1,000 stamps from Sweden and 28 other countries.
His work has some good qualities that many others can see in him, and he is able to do many small things that he does thoroughly, like a "hobbyist who has a name for doing this work," known as 'philatelists'. Some specialize in the area of collecting his work only.
Number 1,000 of his 'stamps' – "Great Deeds by Swedish Kings" by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl, made in 2000 – is in the Guinness Book of World Records.
He also did engravings on banknotes of many countries, and examples of his work include portraits of Prime Ministers on the new $5 and $100 paper money of Canada.
Because of this accident, they took him to a hospital, but he died from the injuries.
The truck driver, luckily, had 64 Christmas presents and they weren't damaged in this crash.
They took this car and went back to the place where the accident happened, at approximately 1200 GMT today.
One person who was working inside the garage near the accident site said: "I have children who were working in the water that is there, and they went to another side of the road, and some were working to rescue and cry."
They ran and came back to the place where the accident happened to them.
Regarding all the things concerning communication with him when they are about to go to Bali, it is customary to save the elders of the local land who are still there, and to apply technology to help countries that are still developing to avoid the pollution that is not created when they work on development.
Yes, the United Nations wants to do more work to fix the one 'problem' of helping countries that are working to solve the heavy issue of 'global warming'.
This money can be used for houses that are prone to water damage and cannot be repaired, good water management, and various types of food.
Fluke was right about the work of others stopping the women from gossiping about things that are not right for the health of the women, and it didn't come to pass.
He/She has become like this thinking because of the many good words and encouragement that the women and men who greeted him/her gave and told him/her that as a guardian of a child, he/she must become like a service that all hospitals must provide.
After this fight is over, those who carried the injured went to the hospital, just like 40 of their other prisoners who are outside and don't want to go back to their cells.
They did some talking to straighten out this heavy thing, but what the other chiefs want from it is not clear.
At 10:00-11:00 PM MDT, other robbers started one person outside the police building.
A while ago, the officers who wore riot gear came inside this group and used tear gas to make the rebels unable to escape.
The fire rescue team took this call at 11:35 pm.
After they finished building this dam in 1963, the water pressure that could cause the ground to shift stopped for all the communities downstream.
These grounds are prone to the formation of sandbars and reefs, which serve as habitats for various animals of the bush.
Because of this, the two species of fish have finished, and the other two that are close to them also want to finish them. One of them is a humpback chub.
Even though the water level might rise to the 'feet' of this storm, behind this tight schedule, the officials want it so that they will have to place 'sandbars' in places where the water will flow down into it.
There were no early warning signs of the tsunami, and the Jakarta geophysical agency said that no tsunami early warning signs would occur because this earthquake wasn't as strong as 6.5, which is the magnitude needed to trigger a tsunami warning.
Even though there wasn't a tsunami, people were still working and started losing their businesses and houses.
Even though Winfrey cried when they said goodbye to her, she clearly told everyone who wanted to see her that she would come back.
This is not goodbye. This is a time to receive one person and leave another.
The results of the presidential election and the parliament of Namibia showed that Hifikepunye Pohamba was elected president with a large majority.
This party, which is South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), won the highest number of seats inside the parliamentary election.
The coalition soldiers of Afghanistan are moving to this area to seize this group and they are killing the other soldiers of the coalition to help those in making this happen.
This "crash" came from a place with many mountains; they think it happened because a pilot shot it down with a gun.
They worked to prevent this person who 'crashed' from worsening the bad weather conditions in the hot place where he went.
The medical charities Mangola, Médecins Sans Frontières, and the World Health Organisation say that there is an 'outbreak' that is very serious inside this country.
Richard Veerman, the representative of Doctors Without Borders, said: "Angola is working to address a very serious outbreak and the heavy situation is very bad in Angola," he said.
They started at 10:00 am with good weather and a little rain in the morning, and they finished quickly. Today is a good day for the rugby 7s tournament.
South Africa is the number one team inside this tournament, and they started well when they beat the Zambia team, which is ranked 5th inside the tournament 26-00.
They look as if they don't know how to play well with their sisters from their community, but when the tournament comes, South Africa plays much better.
Discipline of the defense, we work hand-in-hand and a good team effort makes them feel very confident, and others know that those other teams must try to win against them.
Amsterdam officials at the Anne Frank Museum said this because a 'fungus' damaged it and it can cause health problems for the public when they say it wants to be demolished.
They said they would cut him and send him down to Tunde, but a ruling emergency intervention saved this guy.
These caves, used for fighting with stones, are called "The Seven Sisters," and their names contain 100 going to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) or more.
The pictures that they took with 'infrared' light show scenes that come from the temperature of that night, showing these places as stone hulls.
They are hotter in places surrounded by the sun and moon than in places surrounded by them.
"Their thermal behavior is not uniform like the large rocks on Earth which have one kind of temperature, but they are uniform like the temperature of the deep holes that are in the ground," said Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Team and of Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, the practice of "voting" isn't one that uses technology: voters have to go to one table, put one ballot paper that they have already printed with the candidate they want to elect into one envelope.
Once the officials have recorded the voter's name and place of residence, this voter will put this envelope inside the ballot box and cast their vote for the list of candidates who are running.
The French delegation at the election said that they must put codes on this work to create a candidate.
Starting in 1988 and continuing to the present, all ballot boxes must be kept in clear locations, and all voting materials, where the votes are counted and there are no envelopes kept in the voting station, and there are no other envelopes that people put their ballots into, go inside the envelopes that are counted, and those who come to those who have authority to vote.
Candidates can hold others accountable for not witnessing the entire work. In the afternoon, volunteers can count the votes and have others who can follow the procedure for supervising the work of those.
ASUS Eee PC, the presentation we made of it went to the people of the earth because it can save time and it can do many important tasks. It became one of the topics that others talked about at the 2007 Taipei IT Month.
The marketing material for the 'laptop' will go public, and it will have food products that will attract people to look behind ASUS, which received the 2007 Taiwan Sustainable Award given by the Executive Yuan of the Republic of China.
Please watch this show and see that it is a radio drama that follows the styles of the past but has new and clever styles within it!
On his new ones, this 'show' is available on the internet radio TogiNet Radio, this one is a website that has radio talks for him.
In 2015, TogiNet became AstroNet Radio, as these radio stations joined it.
This "show" used to feature voice actors who didn't have much knowledge or experience, and they were from East Texas.
The practice of stealing things from food is continuing into the coming night and may be present in the morning, and the officials of the lo are not located in the hands of Bishkek's root.
One man who works for the police about this thing said that Bishkek is working to become a place that "doesn't exist anywhere else," while groups of people roam around with rotten hands and steal things from the stores.
The others who live in Bishkek are spreading rumors to those who are protesting about the abuse that is happening here.
South Africa defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union match at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa, during the Tri Nations tournament.
This score is a winning point, 21 to 20, and it beats 15 games that the All Blacks won.
For the Springboks, it's finished with the 5 games they lost coming back now.
This is the game of the All Blacks, which they completely won this 'trophy' in the last two weeks.
This game (match) for the 'series' will be played at Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks play against Australia.
A small, strong gorilla fought with a 'western' Montana at 10:08 p.m. on Monday.
There is no report yet from the damaged areas that went to the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and the National Earthquake Information Center.
This stone is located 20 km (15 miles) to the 'north-northeast' of Dillion, and about 65 km (40 miles) north of Butte.
This strain of bird flu, H5N1, is not really dangerous to people, but some people say that this disease only affects one bird and it dies, and they found it on Monday in places near Lyon in the area of France.
France is the 17th country in the European Union to be affected by this virus, behind Austria, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece, and Italy.
The cases they suspected H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark have not been confirmed yet, but they are considered true, or not.
Chambers took God to go to the book of "death has come to all people on Earth, ruin and heavy burdens have come to millions of people on Earth."
Chambers, a man who doesn't believe in God, spoke foolishly, saying his life is like paper, he said "nothing big" and "all people can take what others have and go to the grave."
This story is based on the opera from France, written by Camille Saint-Saëns, and it is the story of an artist whose life was consumed by his desire for drugs in Japan.
As it was, the others from the district smoked marijuana on the "stage," and the "theatre" strengthened the thoughts of the others to sit down and watch them from behind.
House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Texas Governor Rick Perry, and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann finished fourth, fifth, and sixth.
The results came out, Gingrich named Santorum, but he had strong statements against Romney, which caused negative campaign advertisements against Gingrich in Iowa.
Perry said that he would "go back to Texas to study the results of tonight's meeting, and study what happens if I have a lead in this race," but in his heart he said that he would be inside this race and the race in the South Carolina primary on January 21st.
Bachmann, who defeated Ames Straw in the Iowa caucuses, has decided to stop his campaign.
They carried this man, taking a photo, to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he was staying and then he died.
They said that he has 20 Christmas things. In one of Bieber's statements, he said, "Even though I am not present in this place and I am not involved in this accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of this man who has died."
The website that gives news from the 'entertainment' site TMZ says that this man who takes photos stopped his car on another site on Sepulveda Boulevard and continued trying to take pictures of the police, and when the police stopped his car, he went to another site and continued taking pictures. This made a California Highway Patrol officer who was working to stop cars give him two warnings to go back.
The police said they saw someone who looked like the driver of this car, who hit this man taking photos so that he wouldn't be able to collect any evidence.
I have some 'medals', but they were won one at a time; some countries didn't win any 'medals' and didn't go to the 'medal podium' to receive them.
This is about the Netherlands; together with Anna Jochemsen, she finished ninth place in the women's standing class in the Super-G race, and Finland together with Katja Saarinen finished tenth place in the same game.
Mitchell Gourley of Australia finished in eleventh place inside the 'men's standing' in Super-G. Czech player Oldrich Jelinek finished in sixteenth place inside the 'men's sitting' in Super-G.
Arly Velasquez from Mexico finished in fifteenth place inside the 'men's sitting' in Super-G. New Zealand player Adam Hall finished in ninth place inside the 'men's standing' in Super-G.
The Polish player Maciej Krezel, with his guide Anna Ogarzynska, finished in third place in the Super-G. South Korean player Jong Seork Park finished in 24th place in the men's sitting Super-G.
The UN peacekeepers rushed to Haiti behind the huge destruction of the year 2010; they said that this sickness that spread among people was close to the end of them.
The paper of the court says that the rabies from the UN that they didn't kill the animals in it well, this caused the animals to go inside the Artibonite water, one of the big waters inside the country of Haiti.
The camp of the soldiers came quickly. Haiti did not have a problem within the sick state of the years inside 1800 is coming now.
The Haiti Institute for Justice and Democracy has conducted a study that reveals that soldiers from Nepal within this 'peacekeeping' group are unaware of or unable to handle the disease that has come to Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert in the field of health, said that the healing process must begin with the 'peacekeepers'.
Hamilton said that it is true that Howard University Hospital has taken this patient and he is in good condition.
This man went to Nigeria, where some Ebola cases broke out in him.
This clinic has been clearing the disease from the animals, and they are sending this sick person to the other healers of the animal community to give this disease to other animals.
Simon, the father in The Simpsons, has worked in various positions on the show.
From the 1980s, he worked on shows like Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989, he helped bring The Simpsons together with Brooks and Groening, and he did the work to get the number one team to write the stories for this 'show'.
Even though he left this 'show' in 1993, he still holds the title of 'executive producer' and continues to receive ten million dollars per season as 'royalty' money.
Sometimes, when he goes to the Chinese news agency Xinhua, he reports that someone has caught a big fish.
The reports say that this man received a "bomb threat" claiming that his associates had returned to Afghanistan and were going down to Kandahar.
The reports have come in saying that they arrested this man who went back to Afghanistan before they told him to stop at the Ürümqi layover.
Accidents that happen in the sky often happen frequently in Iran, where they lack skilled pilots and do not maintain their equipment properly for performing public and military operations.
They are very afraid of what will happen to them when something happens and they are unable to get new crops.
Sometimes when it's finished this week, a helicopter crashed and killed three people, and three others were seriously injured.
In the end, Iran took a big disaster behind for many years when a plane that was working in Armenia 'crashed' and killed 168 people who were on board.
In this same month, those robbers ran and went outside the runway of Mashhad and shot one person, and killed seventeen others.
Aerosmith stopped the other concerts that were still scheduled for their tour.
This 'rock band' is scheduled to tour the United States and Canada, departing on September 16th.
They stopped the rounds belonging to the past when the 'lead singer' Steven Tyler got badly hurt when he fell down from the 'stage' while performing a song at Ogs 5.
Murray lost his first set in a tie-break when both players had won all the serves in that set.
Del Potro had a chance in the past inside the number two set, but even then he needed a tie-break when it became 6-6.
Potro got a treatment for his shoulder when he returns to the village.
This program starts at 8:30 p.m. local time (15:00 UTC).
Singers from other villages know the devotional songs or religious hymns for the worship of Shri Shyam in their respective communities.
Singer Sanju Sharma performed this afternoon, and Jai Shankar Choudhary came behind him. Also, Lakkha Singh performed Chhappan Bhog Bhajan. Singer Raju Khandelwal played along with him.
Listen, Lakkha Singh is going to sing bhajans.
The 108 items of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism, 56 types of food items, such as sweets, fruits, nuts, and cooked dishes, and some meat which they will offer to the deities) were given to Baba Shyam.
Indeed, Lakkha Singhmekim is singing the fifty-six offerings devotional songs. Singa, Raju Khandelwal is accompanying him in the singing.
At the presention of Nintendo's booth at the Tokyo Game Show, Nintendo President Satoru Iwata presented a 'controller design' of the company for his new game, Nintendo Revolution.
This 'controller' looks like a 'remote controller' for television. This 'controller' uses two 'sensors' that are located close to the television of this 'user' to 'trangulate' in 'three dimensional space'.
This will make the players able to control their actions and movements inside the 'video game' when they move.
Giancarlo Fisichella was unable to control his car and stop during the big race, but he was behind the starting position.
One of Fernando Alonso's drivers is consistently in the front throughout the race, but he slowed down during a pit stop. It looks like this happened because of a wheel that wasn't properly fitted.
A long time ago, Alonso Michael Schumacher retired from racing because his 'suspension' was damaged when he was fighting for space inside the race.
He looked very nice too, and he can sing well," he said, as reported in an inside recording of a 'news conference'.
I can do some things all the time we practice this, I can get insight into my mind.
For about 3 minutes while they were sealing it, it went into 'space', and a camera on it filmed all kinds of things like 'insulation foam' working on the bottom of the 'fuel tank'.
However, they didn't think that the damage it caused became part of this "shuttle."
NASA's shuttle program boss, N. Wayne Hale Jr., said that the "foam" had settled "behind the time we were working on developing the plant."
Within these five minutes of the 'display', a winner started from, one minute behind, this winner sped up to a speed of 70km/h... the rain came, but it didn't dampen the strong size of it, it was very big and it attacked your skin like a needle, behind the ice it stopped like a stone in the sky, people hid and ran inside another shelter.
I lost my difficulty with his friend, and when I went to be there, there were two others sitting in wheelchairs, and the people just pushed them both and one at a time," Armand Versace.
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki-Kariwa 'nuclear power plant' in Niigata prefecture is operating smoothly.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported that there were no signs of damage to reactor number 1 and number 2 at the Shika nuclear power plant.
They made a report saying almost 9400 houses in this region have no water and almost 100 have no electricity.
For all those rotten things, they were damaged, they don't have train service in the areas where the floods came, and Noto Airport in Ishikawa Prefecture is still out of service.
A bomb exploded outside the governor-general's office.
Triple moose are circling close to the government buildings inside the two hours.
The report says that the number of others who died is eight, and the report from the office says that 30 others were injured; however, the exact number is not yet known.
Cyanuric acid and melamine were found inside the samples of fish from the animals that died after consuming this animal feed which contained toxins.
This compound reacts with incoming substances that can block the kidneys and interfere with their work, according to research from the university.
Others went past the research and saw that these 'crystals' appeared inside the cat urine when they added 'melamine' and 'cyanuric acid'.
The composition of this 'crystal' is similar to that of the substances found inside the bones of animals that ate this food, as determined by 'infrared spectroscopy (FTIR)'.
I don't know if you understand this or not, but many of the baskets that came from Central America came into the country 'duty-free'.
However, the food they bought for the baskets of us, they know how to put spices inside the tariffs of the countries of Central America.
I can't handle this well; it's not right.
I want to say to everyone, just like you do, be kind to us just as we have been kind to you.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a bill that would truly stop people from illegally renting or playing (game) belonging to children.
This "bill" says that the video game of the thief who stole from California must match a "decal reading" of "18" and that the lines must break this in order to break it for $1000 each time they break it.
Director of Public Prosecutions, Kier Starmer QC, gave a statement this morning saying that they will prosecute Huhne and Pryce.
Huhne will resign him Ed Davey MP so he can take his place in Cabinet. Norman Lamb MP will take over the duties of Business Minister that Davey will lose.
The hearing for Huhne na Pryce at Westminster Magistrates Court is on February 16th.
They died, Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback was driving the car.
Edgar Veguilla suffered severe internal injuries at the hands of the malicious Kristoffer Schneider and will require reconstructive surgery on his chest.
Everything belonging to Uka from the north didn't work when he pointed and went to the heat of the number five man. Schneider saved a pen, because his own wasn't able to see, and one part of the bun's heat and his team's work on 'titanium'.
Schneider gave a testimony in a video at a USAF center in his country.
Despite the resistance that came from Trinde, Carpanedo has united the two other teams in this Championship.
His first race, in Slalom, he received a Did Not Finish inside in his first run. 36 of the 116 others received a similar result in this race.
Their Giant Slalom run, he finished in tenth place within the 'women's sitting group' with a time of 4:41.30, 2:11.60 minutes behind the woman who came in first place, Austrian Claudia Loesch, and 1:09.02 minutes behind the woman who came in ninth place, Gyöngyi Dani from Hungary.
Those women who are skiing inside the 'women's sitting group' are not taking their runs, and 45 out of 117 others who skied the Giant Slalom didn't get a 'rank' in this race.
Madhya Pradesh Police recovered this laptop and mobile phone that they had stolen.
Deputy Inspector General D K Arya said, "We arrested five people who raped this Swiss woman and stole her mobile phone and laptop."
The responsibility for this heavy task lies with Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar, and Vishnu Kanjar.
Police Superintendent Chandra Shekhar Solanki said that these men are involved in stealing money from the police station.
Even though the other three were inside the house when this car crashed, none of them were injured.
Unfortunately, the car's engine suffered a lot of damage from the heat.
The reason for this 'crash' happened because they collided during an emergency when the driver came outside this red Audi TT.
He was at James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
Behind them, they took him to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya was at Edinburgh Sheriff Court and they pleaded guilty to murdering their baby.
He is in custody and has an indictment in court, but the eyewitness evidence is not admissible for anything because the story of them has already been publicized.
This one is coming from people in the UK, but Scottish justice just isn't working, and the courts saw the publication of photos as something that harmed the feelings of others and wasn't true.
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee said, "Journalists can publish information in the press if they publish photos and things like that of the suspects."
Crown Office, we have dismissed these 'prosecutions', and told the journalists that there will be no further communication leading to an 'indictment'.
The information we released made it public, and it was communicated to international communities, who then became supportive of the communities who existed before the 1967 Middle East War in Palestine.
These topics that this report talks about, it's about Jerusalem, which is like a holy place for two countries with a heavy history in the Jordan Valley.
Israel wants it as if they must have military forces stationed in the valley for ten years after they signed this agreement and the PA is only allowed to free up this kind of behavior of using military for five years only.
The "shooters" inside this "supplementary pest control" test were the "rangers," because this test monitors and assesses its "effectiveness."
Insights from the partnership between NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc., qualified volunteers recruit new members for the Sporting Shooters Association's "hunting program."
Acting Director of Parks Conservation and Heritage, Mick O'Flynn, in collaboration with NPWS, said that these four "shooters" were involved in the planning of the number one "shooting operation," and they received thorough briefings on safety and training procedures.
Martelly prepared the swearing-in ceremony for the nine members of a new Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) in Aste.
This one is number five CEP of Martelly inside for the past four years.
The meeting ended, and the president's commission made a recommendation that the former CEP (Chief Executive Officer) should resign so that the country's working group can move on to the new elections.
This commission is something that Martelly did because of the 'anti-government' protests that were working to incite the people and started in October.
These protests have sometimes turned into clashes and fights, and people are working towards change because an election hasn't happened. Some are hoping for change in 2011.
Like 60 reports of iPods that didn't work well because they got too hot, this resulted in six people getting burned and making a stew for the other four, and they had 'minor burns'.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) of Japan said that they knew of 27 accidents that happened because of this device.
At the end of the week, METI said that Apple told them about 34 more heavy issues coming from 'overheating', but the company called it "not a big deal."
This ministry immediately thought that when they called Apple about this issue, they didn't give a report that it wasn't true.
This storm arrived from the Mariana Islands at 7:19 a.m. local time (9:19 p.m. GMT on Friday).
Northern Marianas office, we are managing the emergency, saying that there is no damage that has entered the country.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says there are no signs indicating a tsunami is coming.
A Filipino man pretended to be a police officer and arrested tourists from Hong Kong when he took a bus from Manila in this big city of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza pointed his M16 rifle at the tourists.
They took it from some of the others, and the one who was pretending was in the six of them, and these people died.
Six of the others who were participating, they have children and grandchildren living with them. They released them to go free a long time ago, with the Filipinos who took photos with a camera.
Others who were taking pictures with a camera took a picture of a woman's place where she wanted to go to the toilet. They shot Mendoza with a gun and he died.
Liggins disobeyed his father and took work from the old man's property.
She received training to become an obstetrician and started working at Auckland's National Women's Hospital in 1959.
Meanwhile, while he was working at Liggins' clinic, he started to conduct an investigation into the 'premature labour' of his yet-to-be-born child.
His research suggests that if they were to give a 'hormone', it could potentially cause the baby's fetal lungs to develop more rapidly.
Xinhua reported that in Trinde, the government agencies working on the investigation found two 'black boxes' that record things that happen inside the aircraft.
Those other people who are feeling sorry for the people in Luna are offering condolences.
Tommy Dreamer said, "Luna is the number one Queen of Extreme. She is the number one manager of mine. Luna saved us from the night of the two moons. This is not anything that is like her character. A strong woman."
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels said, "Luna can do all sorts of things like me... she beat me... like her and miss her... I believe she is in a good place."
Insights from approximately 1,400 people who gave their opinions on the 2010 election, these types of houses that went against Australian thinking became a 'republic' held by 8 percent of the 2008 vote.
Caretaker Prime Minister Julia Gillard said that during the 2010 election campaign, she believed that Australia must become a 'republic' when Queen Elizabeth II would no longer be head of state.
34 percent of the other people inside this 'poll' think that Queen Elizabeth II should become the next queen of Australia.
In the 'extreme' cases of this 'poll', 29 percent of those surveyed believe that Australia should become a 'republic' eventually, while 31 percent believe that Australia should not become a 'republic'.
This man who won the gold medal will swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in the triple relay at the Commonwealth Games, but because of his fitness complaints, they don't know if he will be able to compete.
He couldn't get the drugs he needed to help him overcome his addiction because the Games prohibit these drugs.
Curtis Cooper, a "mathematician" and "computer science professor" at the University of Central Missouri, discovered that the biggest "prime numbers" were true on January 25th.
Others used various hardware and software in the state as of February, assuming this is correct and they are talking about this in Tunde.
I look like all "comets" have taken some things that came from the water and land along with other "organic matter" that can become "protein" and support life.
Scientists want to understand how planets came to be, and many more want to know how Earth came to be, when comets collided with Earth long ago.
Cuomo, who has had 53 Christmases, stated his work as governor of this state for this year and signed one 'bill' in the moon that is about to expire which makes it okay for maritime men and maritime women.
They said that the talking mice of politics, and the people of others, don't have good thinking.
They thought he wanted to run for president in 2016.
NextGen is a system where FAA says it will capture a lot of gallons of fuel and reduce the carbon that goes into the air.
They use 'satellite-based technology' and do not use 'ground-radar-based technology' for 'air traffic controllers' to ensure good safety and provide good information to all pilots.
There are other forms of transport that are on the ground, and trains that can run inside the ground but will stop at Wembley, a place to put cars and do 'park-and-ride' so they don't need to go up.
The lack of transportation makes it look like this game, these people will be stuck inside one side where they don't have supporters who can go.
A study published in Frontiers in journal has given information about a new species of fish that lives in the Galapagos Islands of Ecuador.
Others conducted research at Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden and published a report on a new 'species' that emerged within two generations. However, they believe this process takes longer, and it has become significant because 'breeding' has become a key factor in Darwin's finches of this area, Geospiza fortes, and cactus finches that came from other areas, Geospiza conirostris.
They can shape it into food later. They can roll it and make it into small, small shapes.
They can catch it and make it become a small, manageable thing that they can handle and possess. They can fight it with a stick or roll it up and make it into "sheets."
They can make it come out bad and small, not very good, and stick it onto other metals. Sometimes they can make it come out very bad and use it in the form of pictures that they paint by hand and inside of books that they call "illuminated manuscripts".
Use this to test the pH of a chemical. You can make a 'indicator' with that juice from berries.
The pH of fruit juice can sense whether it is acidic or basic (alkaline) depending on the chemicals present.
Hydrogen ions (this H inside pH) inside the chemical that they test to measure the pH level.
Hydrogen ions are protons that have lost their electrons (because a Hydrogen atom has one proton and one electron).
Mix the dry powder with a little bit of a paste, with a clean and wet hand, squeeze them and make one ball.
This data/information is in your hands, and it will 'react' with the 'layers' that are outside, and it will perform a process to become a certain type of cell.
The people of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had a toilet that used water to flow into nearby houses, and it joined a different kind of 'sewage system'.
All the things belonging to the Minoans who used these "sewage systems" were found in the houses of their cities on Crete and Santorini in Greece.
I have many public toilets in Egypt, Persia, and China. In the time of Rome, their toilets were like those of public restrooms where men and women could relieve themselves.
When you are communicating with people who are thousands of miles away, you work using one 'satellite'.
That "satellite" in "space" is receiving this call and it is coming down again, truly.
This 'satellite' is like a 'rocket' that they launched into 'space'. Scientists use 'telescopes' in 'space' because Earth's 'atmosphere' blocks some of our lights and affects how we see things.
They used a giant 'rocket' which of theirs won 100 'feet' to put a 'telescope' into 'space'.
This wheel is sending the ground to all kinds of places. The real thing that the wheel does for us is giving us this 'transportation' that can move faster.
They gave us training, cars, and a lot of other people belonging to 'transportation'.
Initially, those are the names of small cats that eat small animals starting from a rabbit going to an antelope and deer.
They, there are many small cats (those we see around the house) that eat small animals like insects, rats, lizards, and fish.
The secret of your group is that they thrive by doing a special job that each cat does, and they don't compete with others.
Those lions and cats want to stay with other cats, and they also want to stay with big groups that people call "pride."
They (the prides) have one that goes with the group of three people, like these women and children.
These women come from one family, like one big family of their sisters and young girls.
The pride of lions knows how to fight against a certain type of creature like the pack of dogs, these animals which are similar to lions (but not other big cats) are afraid of humans, and they can also overcome larger animals that they eat.
One good athlete, the tiger can climb (it doesn't climb well), swim, and wrestle with big ones and grab things together with strength five times stronger than a man's strength.
The tiger is found within the same group (Genus Panthera) as lions, leopards, and jaguars. These four cats can all roar.
The roar of the taiga is like a 'full-voiced roar' of a lion, but it's closer to like a sentence a man shouts when he pulls a win (a victory) when he crosses and escapes.
Ocelots like to eat small animals. They catch monkeys, snakes, rats, and fish if they can catch them. Almost all animals that ocelots prey on are smaller than them.
Scientists believe that ocelots can detect and catch other animals for food (prey for food) when they smell something; they follow the scent of those that used to live in their territory on the ground.
They can see very well in the dark with 'night vision', and also, they can move very stealthily. The 'ocelots' can catch food when they hunt in the environment and ambush animals they want to catch.
When a small group of animals (a small number) lose their population (because they move to a new area – perhaps they move up a mountain or to a small body of water, or perhaps they move to a new island and find a home to return to), they will be seen as living in a different environment that is not the same as before.
This new environment has various resources and various kinds of competition, so this new population will need other people to become stronger in the way those who lived there before did.
These people are not sensitized, but they need to do some kind of action for the environment like those who came before.
From time to time, this new population began to make sounds and adapt to their new environment. They started to observe the smaller animals.
I go, and behind for thousands or millions of years, these two populations will see that others will not say that they are one 'species'.
We know the process of 'speciation', and it means becoming a new 'species'. Speciation is something we cannot ignore, and it is an important part of 'evolution'.
Many plants produce 'oxygen' that we breathe in, and they take in 'carbon dioxide' that we breathe out into the outside of our bodies (this means, when we breathe in it goes inside and when we breathe out it goes outside).
Many plants make food for themselves when sunlight comes. They also provide shade.
We can build our houses from the plants and we can make our clothes from the plants. The food we eat comes from the plants. If there are no plants, animals will not be able to live.
Mosasauruses were the top predators of their time, with no other animals able to prey on them, as if they didn't have anything to fear. They only preyed on other mosasaurs.
His house has more than 70 small dogs that look like wild dogs, along with one other small dog that stays on the roof of the house. This means that whatever he does, it won't be easy to escape.
We don't have the ability to know, but it has a strong appetite. It eats travel bags, big fish, other dinosaurs, and it also eats people.
It can eat all sorts of things that go inside the water; even a giant dinosaur like a T. rex wouldn't be able to eat it.
Even though the plants of the small animals can be eaten, the Romans had foods that we don't know, and that you use during big feasts, like a very small bird, 'peacock', a 'snail', and a kind of rat they call 'dormouse'.
Anything that he has experienced is like the times when people who don't have much food eat leftovers when they are sitting with others; people always want to have big portions of food that they can sneak into their own food.
The people who lived in Rome did not have food that came from America or Asia, which is now located in Europe, a hundred years ago.
One example is like this: they don't have corn, or tomato, or potato, or cocoa, and they didn't have any of the others from Rome who tasted a 'turkey'.
The people of Babylon built a number one temple for each of their gods, whom they believed could do these things. It was the house of these gods.
People will bring things for me to offer to the gods and the priests will try to include things that the gods need when they perform ceremonies and the large items for the religion.
Some temples have an outdoor place for worship and an indoor place where only priests can go inside.
Sometimes the special shapes they make are like 'pyramids', and they called them 'ziggurats', they knew how to build them as parts of temples.
In this area, the special place of this god is located.
In places that are hot in the Middle East, the house is not unimportant.
Many things from the life of the Hebrew family have come outside the house.
The women know how to cook food outside of the house; their stores are tables that are open and look like they're going to rot. They use stones to build their houses.
I did not have those buses inside the land of the Canaanites, as if they were extremely expensive.
I don't have many other people who live in Greenland. In the stories of my ancestors from Norway, they say that Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland because he killed a man, and when he traveled, he went west, he found Greenland, and he gave it this name.
Even though he/she/it occupied this place, there were Eskimos who had lived here since that time.
Even though it is only one country, 'Scandinavian', it has many things that are admired and known by people, kings, customs, and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway, and Iceland.
If you have seen the movie National Treasure, you might think they wrote a 'treasure map' on the back of the Declaration of Independence paper.
However, this is not one. Even though it has something written on the back of one document, this is not a 'treasure map'.
They wrote these words on the back of the Declaration of Independence paper "Original Declaration of Independence dated 4th July 1776". These words are on the front of this document, and they are upside down.
There is no one who knows how to write these words, they know as when he was new, this big 'parchment' document (size of it, it is 29¾ inches and 24½ inches) they will roll up so that he can store it.
As it is, he looks like this person saying they wrote behind so that he can be like one 'label'.
The D-Day landings and other battles made France free, but the north is not yet free.
These people, the "Vichy" French, surrendered. These people are the French men and women who made peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked with those who came to take over the country, and they did not fight against them.
On August 15, 1940, the Allies staged a deception in the south of France; the operation was called "Operation Dragoon".
Within just two weeks, American soldiers and Free French forces liberated northern France, and they moved on to fight in Germany.
One 'civilization' is a culture of many people who know how to live together and work together in a coordinated way; it is a 'society'.
This word "civilization" comes from a Latin word "civilis," which means "civil," and is similar to other Latin words "civis," meaning "citizen," and "civitas," meaning "city-state," and these two are all related to the study of "society."
These "city-states" are things that became one country. Within one "civilizational culture," people pass on knowledge to future "generations," a kind of cultural "footprint" that remains in the path of imparting knowledge to others.
Often, the small people know how to carefully guard and not lose evidence of their history, and the educated people don't see them as a true "civilization."
During the Revolutionary War, the former "states" came together to form a "central government" that was not strong—the Congress was just one component—initially under the Articles of Confederation.
Congress does not have the power to enforce taxes, and because it did not have a 'national executive' or 'judiciary', it used 'state authorities' who often did not cooperate with it to get people to support its 'acts'.
No, he doesn't have authority to issue 'tax law' and 'tariff' names to the 'states'.
"Articles" need other relevant words in each "state" before they can make sense, and the "states" will take over from the "central government" as things they do will not remain stable.
The national football teams of Italy and Germany are the top two teams with the most experience and who were champions of the FIFA World Cup in 2006.
The sports that many people know are football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey, and F1 motor racing.
"Several 'winter sports' are known to people in the 'Northern regions', and people in Italy are familiar with international games and Olympic events."
Japan has 7,000 islands (the main island is Honshu), and this makes Japan the 7th largest country in terms of the number of islands within its territory.
Small groups of islands that Japan has, others call Japan an "archipelago" in the field of geography.
Taiwan's status became in the '15th century' when European 'sailors' encountered it and recorded its name as Ilha Formosa, or Formosa Island.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a center for its people in southwestern Taiwan. This marked the beginning of a system where they employed Chinese laborers to work on rice and sugar plantations.
In 1683, soldiers of the Qing dynasty (1644-1912) suppressed and occupied the 'western' and 'northern' areas of Taiwan, claiming it as a province of the Qing Empire in 1885.
In 1895, following the loss of the Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki, which granted Japan the power over Taiwan, and the control of this island remained with Japan until 1945.
Machu Picchu has three main structures: Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun, and the Room of the Three Windows.
The plants belonging to the buildings that are located at the rear of this structure, they were built to provide information to tourists about what kind of things this structure used to look like in the past.
In 1976, 90 percent of Machu Picchu was rebuilt and they worked to restore it to how it is today.
For example, 'still image photography' format that others plantain know and it is 35mm, we are number one size for 'film' behind in the time of 'analog film'. **Translation:** For example, still image photography is a format that many others are familiar with, and it uses 35mm film. It was the leading size for film before the era of analog film.
They did it already yesterday, but more importantly, it's like the 'aspect ratio' of its 'digital camera image sensor' format that is used.
35mm film format, they can make other things appear wider, they have a width of 36mm and a height of 24mm.
The aspect ratio of this format is divided into a twelve-part whole-number ratio, and this ratio is 3:2.
Many of the formats that we know use (for example, the APS family of formats) are a type or very similar type of this 'aspect ratio'.
This 'rule of thirds' that many others break, it is one of these 'guidelines' that comes with good photos and makes it have some other insight in a picture.
He said that a good place for a subject to be when taking a photo is in the time when the picture is cropped vertically or horizontally (see example).
At that time, the Catholic Church had a lot of money and power, and people truly followed it.
For a thousand years, this Christian religion has intertwined with the countries of Europe, even though they still have their own local languages and customs.
His power comes from the people. Starting from kings, it goes down to all people, regardless of name or number.
Many of the leaders of the Christian faith believe that they must use their money and possessions to help those who have no pen, paper, or food, or who have no money or food. They believe that the church's money is meant to do this work.
Rome has been a place of great power and money for thousands of years. This has caused many people to work with two thoughts, either believing in this or not.
The war had just begun, and Britain implemented a 'naval blockade' against Germany.
This plan of theirs works well; they stop the important supply from going to the military and the people, even though this 'blockade' is breaking the international agreement that was established at the end of two centuries.
Britain dropped bombs on the international waters to stop ships from entering the main area of the ocean, which also caused damage to other ships that were not inside this conflict.
Small things didn't bring the expected results from this tactic; Germany thought something like that would happen to their submarines.
In the 1920s, the customs of those numbers of citizens and their country that they took as their own and still exist.
The countries have seen the pen and heavy and cruel actions of war that came inside World War I, and the countries want to prevent this kind of thing from happening again in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to work with the Edison Company in New York City, United States of America.
He came from the US with 4 cents, one 'poetry' book, and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his former employer) to Thomas Edison.
Ancient China had a cycle of time; each "era" of China or each family that held power was a "dynasty."
Indeed, some families within a "dynasty" sometimes have provinces that remain in place. One of these times is when many people are familiar with it, and it is the time of the Three Kingdoms which lasted for 60 years during the Han and Jin Dynasties.
In these times, when big fights become known to many families who have names and numbers, they fight like kings.
The Three Kingdoms was one of the periods of warfare in the history of Ancient China, where thousands of people died in battles fought for supremacy within the "grand palace" in Xi'an.
There are many things that have come about in 'society' and 'politics', such as the practice of using the 'metric system'. The decline of 'absolutism' is moving towards 'republicanism', and the practice of 'nationalism' and the belief in one's country are things for all people and not just one person who controls them.
First of all, the Revolution is open to all people who have dreams and are willing to work hard to do good work that they want to do.
These people are all the same in the military because now they don't get a 'rank' based on their family 'class', but they will get a 'rank' based on their ability and what they are capable of doing.
The French Revolution shook the thinking of many other 'working class' people in other countries, inspiring their own 'revolutions'.
Muhammad is interested in things that are greater than things belonging to this life. He used to go up a steep path that people called "Here!" on the Mountain of "Light" (Noor) where he meditated.
This stone carving, which remains, gives clear pictures of the beliefs of Muhammad.
It is located within one of the mountains in the area not of Mecca, this pile of stones is high above all the people on the ground.
Truly, he doesn't get angry at being hurt, for he knows what to do if he remains. When you are inside this circle of stones, you are among all people and other things.
You don't need to look at just the sky when it's clear; it looks nice and is surrounded by many mountains. You don't need to see or feel things from this ground when you are inside this cave of stone.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is one of the 'seven wonders' that still exist today.
The others in Egypt built it in the 'third century' BCE, the Great Pyramid is one of the biggest pyramid structures that they built to give a final resting place for one Pharaoh who had died.
The Giza Plateau, or "Giza Necropolis" inside the Valley of the Dead in Egypt, has some pyramids (including the famous "Great Pyramid"), some smaller "tombs", some temples, and the "Great Sphinx".
The Great Pyramid was built for Pharaoh Khufu, and many smaller pyramids, 'tombs', and temples were built to honor Khufu's wife and family members.
This "up bow" mark looks like one V, and this "down bow mark" looks like one staple or one square that doesn't have an inner space.
"Up" means you must start from the "tip" and push the "bow," and "down" means you must start from the "frog" (this is where your hand holds the "bow") and pull this "bow."
An upward bow produces a softer sound, while a downward bow produces a stronger sound with more resonance.
You came and did your work with a pencil, but consider the "bowing marks" that we printed and finished, as if you must respect them.
On October 17, 1789, the women made King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette, and their young children (Marie Therese who had 11 Christmases and Louis-Charles who had 4 Christmases) suffer, and the illness of King, Madam Elizabeth, returned to Paris while they were at Versailles.
Inside of one car, they ran and went back to Paris when the big men and women saw them and surrounded them and worked on scouting and making all kinds of talk of the former King and Queen.
Those other people who believe and are present are seeing the King and Queen through the windows of their cars that are open and stopped.
Once, a man inside those important people did something to the hot blood of a 'royal guard' that they killed at Versailles near the Queen's skirt, and he wasn't pretty at all.
Money belonging to the war that the U.S. brought came when they wanted to occupy and take the Philippines, but the Filipino people were afraid.
They know that because the taxes went to the 'colonial regime' of the U.S. for giving money that went to 'expenditure' and 'interest' on the 'bonds' we used in the name of the government of the Philippines inside the banks of Wall Street.
Yes, it is true that those big winners who made money when they exploited Filipinos will make money for the U.S. by exploiting the people of the land.
To understand things well with the Templars, we must understand well the story that is behind what made them become this group.
At this time, when things happen, they tend to describe them as being like the High Middle Ages, specifically referring to the period in European history from the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (AD 1000–1300).
The period of the High Middle Ages included the Early Middle Ages, and after that there was the Late Middle Ages, ending around the year 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that has many different ideas that people practice, starting from 'technology push' or 'technological imperative' which refers to an idea that people's actions are driven by science and the technologies that science enables.
The core ideas of the thinking around "technological determinism" are twofold: one is that technological development drives cultural and political change, which are unable to resist it, and the other is that technology becomes "meaningful" to communities because the customs and beliefs that people are born with are connected to technology, and technology doesn't just appear out of nowhere.
For example, we can say that the car makes people become rich.
However, one road that goes to all the villages in his country will waste a lot of money because there are some cars, just like the new roads built to manufacture cars have become capable of lowering the price of cars.
As more people have cars, many accidents can happen on the roads, which will lead to others developing new techniques and insights in healthcare to treat bodily injuries.
Romanticism had a major concept of 'cultural determinism' within it, and this concept came from writers like Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel.
At the heart of Romanticism, it's a place where people come and have a certain kind of spirit, and behind it are the customs and cultures that have grown with the place where they live and have become part of it. These are the traits that define the people of this place; this is better than the ways that those who have taken nothing from others and come to use them.
In this regard, Paris has become the foremost place for various styles of clothing in this country today, but Constantinople remained the foremost city for clothing styles during the Middle Ages in Europe.
Many people know it because it is compatible with that lifestyle, and it began around 400 A.D. and ended around 1100 A.D.
In the twelfth century, its value decreased because the Crusaders came back and brought gifts like silk and spices. The value of these things was greater in the markets of the Byzantines.
At that time, they took this name "Fashion Capital" from the city of Constantinople and gave it to Paris.
Gothic style became very prominent during the 10th-11th centuries and the 14th century.
This dress is inspired by the style of Byzantine era clothing.
Therefore, because the custom of talking face-to-face is disappearing, it will take time, and Western styles will be left behind in 25 to 30 years.
When the time of the Middle Ages 'western' Europe began, styles of the past started to come back. One of the major developments that came about during this time was that because of the 'crusades', people started using fabrics to cover their bodies.
Subsistence agriculture is agriculture that people do to produce food for their families.
Subsistence agriculture is a system that doesn't use much outside input, doesn't use money, and uses food that people get from what they eat that grows in this region, and they improve this by using practices like crop rotation or other techniques to make food production plentiful.
The farmer practices 'subsistence agriculture' and this way of life still exists in developing countries.
These subcultures create a shared mindset and act as alternatives to the established norms of society, and when they come together, they form a unique identity.
These 'subcultures' can change a lot because for Christmas, people from their home places come to them, the level of insider knowledge within the community, the places where they live, and their 'gender'.
Everything he/she does to create 'subcultures' is always rooted in local language, good things, religion, politics, 'sexual' matters, place, or these things are all combined together.
Members of one 'subculture' can miss the times when they were members of it, like the styles of clothing they wore, the customs they had, and the way they spoke.
Some methods that other communities use to overcome it are 'socialization.' They use stories about children who were 'socialized' because their parents were not busy with them. Bad things came into their lives, or they did bad things when they worked in the fields.
These children, they call each other "feral" or "wild child." These "feral" children, they are sometimes (often, they are abandoned by their parents) who just stay at home; sometimes the parents are not busy with these children because they have something wrong with their head or their body.
Those feral children are all very damaged and traumatized because of running away from their parents who weren't caring for them.
Those 'feral' children are saying that the animals in the bush take care of them; some are saying they still live among the bush.
When these animals see these little ones, these 'feral' little ones can imitate (what we can do) the behavior (like behavior) of these animals that care for them, such as preening or not knowing how to do anything when they are with other people.
However, 'project based learning' creates a different way to make things more engaging and spark interest, while 'scaffolding' makes things easier.
Scaffolding is not just a method for removing things; it's a helpful support that provides assistance when working on creating something new, such as using a new computer or starting a new project.
Scaffolds can come to a computer or can truly be inside a classroom. The people who talk about it say that one teacher is one scaffold, but also a paperclip man inside Microsoft Office is also a scaffold.
Scaffolds on the computer are inside the software that helps them ask questions, know what things to do, and clearly explain how to do things that are difficult for them to understand yet.
They put the children in Foster Care because of things like food that they can 'neglect', or 'abuse', or people who take children to do things to get money.
There is one child who must stay inside a certain environment that is not good for them, doesn't look after them, and doesn't give them safety, but they are able to stay inside that type of environment.
We see the Foster Care System as a safe place for these children.
The foster care system is about providing safe places for children who are living, with people who can love and care for them, and good healthcare.
Foster care is about giving someone things they didn't have in the home they were taken from.
The internet has enabled one person or woman to share their stories with many people.
These internet practices give us new knowledge of how we can use the internet to find information.
For example, "learning" and "socialization" are important motivations that drive people to use the internet (James et al., 1995).
"Personal involvement" and "continuing relationship," Eighmey and McCord (1998) found that these are new things that strengthen our hearts through the use of the internet, as they studied people on websites.
The practice of using video recordings has led researchers to discover important things within the field of mining 'micro-expressions', which are movements of the face that can enter our minds within just a 'millisecond'.
My dear friends, they say that we can find out what a man or woman is thinking when we identify their micro-expressions on their face.
Oliver Sacks, in his insights from his paper "The President's Speech," explored how people are often unable to fully understand the meaning of spoken words because they have some damage to their brains, but they can understand correctly if the person is speaking truthfully.
He said that these kinds of knowledge, the ability to understand the meaning of a custom, men and animals both have, like the dogs we care for in the house.
These researches, coming from the 'Twentieth century,' suggested there were two 'pools' of 'genetic variation': one was high and the other was locally clear.
Mutation causes new genetic variations to arise, and selection removes them from the pool of expressed variation.
Segregation and recombination cause this variation to become new material within each generation's gene pool.
In the savanna, it is known for one type of "primate" that has a "digestive system" like that of humans who can absorb "amino acids" from the plants that grow there.
If things don't improve, then these big things that can happen – 'growth depression', 'malnutrition', and even death – will occur.
This plant is found in this place, and the 'protein' is stored inside its leaves and fruits, but this one is hard for the stomachs of 'primates' like us humans to digest, so we have to cook it and eat it as leftovers.
All of them, these animals (ants, termites, and beetles) are eating, and they also provide a lot of protein which has all the amino acids that the body needs.
When we look at all of this, we must not be quick to dismiss the ancestors' explanation of the "protein" problem that they saw in the way those "chimps" in the "savanna" were able to do with two legs.
Sleep interruption is a common problem where a person wakes up and doesn't immediately go back to sleep for a period of time (10–60 minutes).
This one, you can do it when you use one 'quiet alarm clock' to wake you up gently and not wake up others.
If you see as if you reset the password on your phone, you can put it in another site in the room; this will make you sleep soundly and forget about it.
Those options for a 'biorhythm-based' approach are that you drink a lot of water (like water or tea, a diuretic) before you go to sleep; this will help you sleep soundly and fall asleep quickly.
The spirit within a person is inside one person who has a connection, but it is opposite to the spirit of heaviness that is inside the body and spirit of a person.
When times are tough, it will be small, but there will be more positive things for living. All people have strength to endure pain and hardship.
Others can attain enlightenment. One thing only that has been missing from our thinking is the heaviness and negativity we have yet.
Tibetan Buddhism follows the things that Buddha taught, but it also incorporates elements of the 'Mahayana path of love' and many techniques from Indian Yoga.
Insights into his thinking about Tibetan Buddhism are truly profound. It has Kundalini Yoga, 'meditation', and the concept of 'all-embracing love'.
With Kundalini Yoga, this Kundalini energy ('enlightenment energy') works to illuminate within 'yoga postures', exercises for achieving victory, and 'mantras' and 'visualizations'.
The core insight of 'Tibetan meditation' is Deity Yoga. The insight of 'visualization' of various food gods, energy channels become clear, the 'chakras' become active, and 'enlightenment' of thought comes.
Germany was like a big shadow over many countries during World War 2, and this made the Allied powers become known as USSR and USA. When the war ended, the hammer became known as a symbol of systems, processes, and culture, and this made countries not want to work together.
After two years of the period of mourning, those who worked together became like the bitter enemies when the Cold War began.
This war will last 40 years and will truly happen, with us (the army) who have fought in countries, from places of war in Africa going to Asia, Afghanistan, Cuba, and many other places.
On September 17, 1939, the Polish defenses were used, and only one thing was done to make them go back and unite on the 'bridgehead' of Romania.
Therefore, these plans will be ruined tonight, and more than 800,000 soldiers of the Red Army of the Soviet Union went inside and formed a 'front' in Belarus and a 'front' in Ukraine behind where they went inside and occupied the 'eastern region' of Poland, and this action does not comply with the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and other international agreements that became valid between the two countries and many other countries.
The way you use a ship to move things is the number one thing that truly moves the large number of goods or people from one place to another.
The navy's role is to watch over your country and prevent the moving of goods and people, and also to stop the illegal movement of goods and people.
Some good examples that happened not long ago were this campaign of the North Atlantic during WWII. The Americans worked hard to move goods and people across the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
In World War I, the German navy used U-boats and worked hard to stop this advance.
If the Allies had not done what they did, Germany would have held and taken Britain as it did with the rest of Europe.
Men have been looking after women since the time 10,000 years have passed in the Zagros Mountains of Iran.
The ancestors of the true 'tribe' began by taking care of those who made them angry by taking their milk, grass, meat, and skins.
The women who take care of them, they put them in groups that roam around the small mountains or other people for food. Often, the "goatherds" would wash them in the water, and these little children, these big men who call them "shepherd," these are the customs of taking care of their women, which are still practiced today.
Wagonways were built in England before the 16th century.
Even though the "wagonways" are paths that are located on the ground, they make horses that pull people and pull big loads on paths that are not rougher than the paths that are usually found on this day.
They used 'crossties' in the past to hold these 'tracks' in one place. Recently, they are looking forward to these 'tracks' becoming better if they have a main area located inside them.
This custom is done by many others, but it has become a 'wear' on the wheels of their 'wagons'.
Later, they sent me some planks of wood with an iron rail. In 1767, they built the first 'full-iron rails'.
Number one, the issue of "transportation," how it started, people began to figure it out around two million years ago when Homo Erectus (this means "upright man") appeared.
Others lived in the past; Australopithecus did not walk upright on two legs all the time.
The hominids that lived in two legs and were found in the fossils of Australopithecus we who lived 4.2-3.9 million years ago, but Sahelanthropus hominids lived in two legs much earlier, around seven million years ago.
We can start by living well with the environment, we can join an 'environmental movement', and we can become 'activists' to stop the harm that can happen in the future.
Often, this is like 'symptomatic treatment'. However, if we don't want just one answer, okay, we must find the root of the problem, and we must stop it.
They are like seeing the ground tremble truly because of new scientific and technological advancements, and the problems are becoming bigger because of many people and lifestyles that have all kinds of things.
At the Congress, they took this paper from July 4th, a copy that they wrote by hand for the President of the Congress John Hancock and Secretary Charles Thomson signed, and they sent it to John Dunlop's 'printing shop' nearby.
They say that the 150 to 200 copies they made last night are now called "Dunlap broadsides."
Number one time, when they read this document in public, John Nixon read it outside Independence Hall on July 8th.
One of them who submitted it went to George Washington on July 6, and he read it to his soldiers in New York on July 9. A copy arrived in London on August 10.
25 Dunlop tires are still here and they are the true copies of this document. This number one document that they wrote by hand is damaged.
Many of the paleontologists today believe that one group of dinosaurs is still alive today. We can call them fish.
Many people don't think they are the same as dinosaurs because they have 'feathers' and can fly.
Indeed, there are many things in these fish that look like dinosaurs yet.
They have legs with scales and claws, they can crush bones, and they move like a T-Rex with two legs.
Almost all the computers that we use today can recognize information that is stored in their 'binary number' code.
A binary number can have two values, which are 0 or 1, and these numbers are called 'binary digits' or 'bits' in computer language.
Internal poisoning doesn't necessarily show clearly on blood tests. The symptoms, like the fish example, are often signs when people are unable to get a proper "diagnosis."
The first thing he experienced as "internal poisoning" has become a container for toxic waste or a toxic chemical in the house that is open and remains.
Apply a label to these first aid instructions.
This person says "bug," those entomologists use the language to communicate with this group of animals.
This person took the meaning of it to Bedbugs, these animals that parasitize humans.
Assassin bugs and bed bugs are nidicolous; they live in places where they were born and near something that gives them food.
In the United States of America's food consumption, there are approximately 400,000 cases of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), making it the number one neurological disease among adults.
MS is a disease that can affect the central nervous system, which includes the brain, spinal cord, and optic nerve.
Research has shown that the safety of women when taking oral contraceptives is twice as high as that of men.
One mother can make decisions as if it is not good for them, it is not good for their children, if they have a baby.
These kinds of marriages can make the decision to put their babies up for 'adoption'.
Inside of one 'adoption', the adoptive parents who come to take this child will stop thinking they have the 'right' to act like they are the only parents and other relatives who can care for this child.
Thinking about science, it can reveal how this ground works when people use the 'scientific method'. This method is essential for a lot of 'scientific research'.
It is not yet established, 'experimentation', and a 'experiment' is a 'test' that they use to get rid of some preconceived notions, the practice of asking questions, and doing studies can give direction to 'scientific research'.
Others study nature and philosophy study classical texts, like the Bible in the local language, translated from Latin.
Everything they said is right about Aristotle's ideas in science, combined with psychology.
Now that the Greeks are gone, the West has lost Greek ideas in science and philosophy.
Many people see it as a rhythm that comes from the body and the people, and the cycles of things that exist outside the body and the body's biological clock.
These periodic rhythms don't happen because of things outside, but these patterns have been studied and seen to come from many living things, together with bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals.
The biological clock maintains things that trigger electric currents and continues running despite external things that cause it to run stopping.
The experiment of Hershey and Chase was one of the things that showed DNA was a 'genetic material'.
Hershey and Chase used 'phages', or viruses, to deliver DNA into a bacterium.
They performed two 'experiments', one of which modified the DNA inside a 'phage' with 'radioactive phosphorus', and the other modified the 'protein' of a 'phage' with 'radioactive sulfur'.
Mutations can cause various things to happen that are capable of developing because of the mutation, which impairs the function of this genetic material and if these cells are germ-line cells.
These mutations that occur inside germ-line cells can be passed on to children, but mutations that occur in other cells can lead to cell death or cancer.
Nature-based tourism attracts people who are interested in seeing natural areas and experiencing places with abundant flora and fauna in this area.
For example, for these on-site activities, they catch fish, take photos, observe the fish, and go around the park and study information about the ecosystem.
One example is round, take a photo, and get permission from the elders when you go to Borneo.
That's everything. People can leave small towns when they travel by car to their workplaces and they can forget their fellow villagers where their workplaces are located, only to come.
Inside this 'transport shuttle', all others are connected with, and they support one 'transport system' where 'private cars' become part of it.
New science suggests that this "carbon economy" is removing the "biosphere" from a "stable state" that supported people for two million years and is now finished.
People can live within society and use the 'transportation system'. Many people are complaining about the 'transportation system'.
In developed countries, you won't easily find people making big complaints about the quality of the water when the pipes break down.
Whose responsibility is it for these complaints to arise? Whose responsibility is it for them not to work properly for all of us? Don't the 'transportation engineers' know how to do their job? Oh, is there something bigger they are working on?
Traffic flow is the study of movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two points, and what actions they take towards one another.
However, the traffic flow study showed that drivers' behavior was such that they were unable to agree on something that would become 100 percent correct.
However, the drivers are able to act appropriately in a system that is 'consistent'; like, the 'traffic' knows there are some things that are 'consistent' in it, and these people can follow along with the numbers using 'mathematics'.
Creating a 'traffic flow' has become easier, but relationships must become harmonious between these three things: (1) 'flow', (2) 'density', and (3) 'velocity'.
These relationships will help me with 'planning', 'design', and 'operation' of 'roadway facilities'.
Those insects are the number one animals living in the forest. These people who fly help them to avoid predators and find food and their friends truly.
Many of the insects can fold their wings and come together with their bodies, and this is a good thing.
This is what they do for the small places that are high up for the animals that want to eat them.
Look, those insects that cannot fold their wings are dragonflies and mayflies.
The ten thousand years have ended, and a man named Aristarchus said that the Solar System moves around the Sun.
Some people think he is speaking the truth, but many people disagree (oppose); they believe that the Solar System revolves around the Earth, along with the Sun (and other stars).
This one looks like it's straight, because we don't know if the Earth moves, right?
The Amazon River is number two for water and number one biggest river on Earth. It carries water that is eight times more than the number two biggest river.
Indeed, the Amazon is the number one rainforest, and its length is truly big on Earth, and its circumference is sixty thousand miles.
20 percent of the carbon that comes from the world's forests that come from Amazon.
The Amazon River is 6,387 km (3,980 miles) long. It collects water from thousands of smaller rivers.
Even though the practices of building pyramids with stone continued and reached their peak in the Old Kingdom, they did not surpass the skill and knowledge of those who built the pyramids at Giza.
The people of Egypt during the New Kingdom believed that these buildings of their ancestors were truly sacred, at a time when these 'pyramids' had more than a thousand Christmases.
The population of Vatican City is about 800. It is the largest country truly within the world of countries with truly small populations.
Vatican City uses the local language, Italian, for its official communications.
Their local language, Italian, they know how to work inside the state, they also use it for communication with others, and they use Latin for performing religious ceremonies.
All the citizens of Vatican City are Roman Catholic.
People used to know about these chemical elements like gold, silver, and copper because they found them inside the environment in their natural form and they were easy to find with their ancient tools.
Aristotle, a philosopher, came to believe that everything comes from these four elements mixed together. These elements are earth, water, air, and fire.
This one is one kind like for the 'states of matter' (and behind it another kind): solid, liquid, gas, and 'plasma', it also says that they sense and come from new things that make the things we see.
They are things that have two or more metals inside them. Don't think of them as having many elements inside the 'periodic table'.
The elements like 'calcium' and 'potassium' are seen as metals. There are also other metals like silver and gold.
You can have alloys that contain small amounts of elements that are not metal, such as carbon, inside them.
Everything inside the Universe came from 'matter'. This 'matter' contains tiny things inside what we call 'atoms'.
Those atoms are extremely small, a trillion (trillion) of them could fit within a single period at the end of a sentence.
As it was, the pencil was a good friend to many people when it first came.
However, when new writing tools came, the pencil took a position of decline and not many people used it.
Now people can write words on computer screens, and they don't come close to one of those (sharpener).
We can think about what things will happen to the keyboard when something new happens.
A fission bomb works by causing a nucleus to combine, releasing energy and resulting in many protons and neutrons.
Even small things, like you working to push some heavy thing up a small mountain, the trait of 'splitting nucleus' genes allows them to lose some of this energy.
Those "atoms" have "unstable nuclei," which means they can release energy when triggered by small particles or when not triggered.
The surface of the Moon has stones and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
Its crust is about 70 km thick on the side and close to 100 km thick on the other side.
They are thinner and more delicate in the maritime areas, and thicker and sturdier in the highlands.
I think there will be more 'maria' on the side that is close because its 'crust' is thinner. It is easier for 'lava' to come out from the inside.
"Content theories aim to understand how things can wound the hearts or minds of people."
These 'theories' say that people have some things they need and want that are inside them when they become adults.
These 'theories' suggest that something inside people makes them want to do things, and that something inside the environment will cause them to do something or not do something.
This "content theory" is planted with other theories like the Hierarchy of Needs Theory and Herzberg's Two-Factor Theory.
If we sell all these things, the two people will become clear locals when the managers start to go to the homes of their clients. In one place, they want to stay as "one of many in the group" (women in the group).
This kind of manager, he/she knows how to hurt feelings by making decisions that others don't want, giving me permission to do things, letting me do things that are hurting others, dismissing the performance of the workers, giving work to the workers, and telling the workers directly that what they are doing is wrong.
In other words, one manager who is in charge went and acted like one man or woman that others don't understand, and they acted like they had to send all sorts of things that the team was working on to achieve and do all sorts of things for the strength of those who are yet to come.
Concerning everything, he/she/it is the leader who makes a team to do good work or not to do good work.
This custom causes hardship and makes leaders and teams struggle.
Teams that can work with computers can have various standards for doing a good job, like teams that work in the office, but there are some small things that are missing.
Teams that know how to work together on computers work like men or women who are good at managing groups who work together in the office.
They can do something for the needs of the women in the teams that work inside the office when they collaborate with other team members, especially when dealing with different time zones, and these local managers are not able to clear it.
One particular "invisible team" (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p109) is a new kind of thing that exists inside teams that know how to work with computers.
This "invisible team" is a "management team" where each member of the team knows to report to it. This "invisible team" also manages the standing of each member behind the scenes.
What is an organization that wants to do work that is frequently done? This is work towards making an organization that can learn things. Their understanding of doing 'organizational learning' becomes insight within the organization as a basis for 'innovation'.
When departments of an organization use resources well, creativity and ingenuity can emerge.
Regarding this, the process of one organization working together to overcome this thing can lead to new kinds of internal processes that meet customer needs.
The leadership of an organization can have new and different kinds of people who can do things; the leaders must develop a culture that enables these new and different kinds of things, and they must also have a way of dealing with things with respect and understanding.
Angel (2006) stated regarding the Continuum approach that it is a method used to help organizations become more focused on performance.
Neurobiological information provides evidence for one 'theoretical approach' in the investigation of 'cognition'. As it makes the research area smaller and makes it more 'exact'.
The research on 'brain pathology' that I'm reading supports the scientists' insights in their research.
They know that sometimes, various injuries like 'brain damage', 'trauma', 'lesions', and 'tumors' can affect behavior and thinking.
These new technologies that have come have helped us to see and investigate the structures and processes of the brain that we had not seen before.
This can give us new information and materials to develop 'simulation models' that can help us to clearly understand the processes that provide insight into our thinking.
Even though AI makes others think of 'science fiction', it has become an important area within 'computer science'. It can do work in the realm of people, eliminate things, and create intelligence inside a machine.
Research insights into AI are about creating machines that can do tasks that can help people at any time when they need to make a decision.
For example, they control things, have a plan and do things on time, know how to answer customer questions, and can recognize handwriting, voice, and personality.
These things have individual areas for study for them, and they look around for ways to provide answers to the problems that will come to all of us.
They are using this AI system insight in the areas of 'economics', 'medicine', 'engineering', and 'military', and they have used it to build some computers for the home and 'video game software applications'.
Field trips are an important part of classrooms. Often, teachers want to take their students somewhere they can't easily travel by bus and go.
Technology provides an answer with a 'field trip' that comes to the computer. Students can see 'museum artifacts', look at an 'aquarium', and view 'art' when they are sitting inside the classroom.
The session for one 'field trip' on the computer is a good way to think in one round and explore things that have become related to the class from the past.
For example, in one year, some students from Bennet School in North Carolina designed a website for when they go to the State Capital, and in one year this website gained a new style, but these 'versions' still remain 'online' like a 'scrapbook'.
Blogs can receive help in writing well. Often, things start with blogs that have poor grammar and spelling, and sometimes readers will read them and send back sentences that are better written.
Small things, they can do a lot of talking if something isn't right. This thing that I am writing on the blog will start by writing well, then it will correct all the things that say it's not written well.
Indeed, "blogging" is about having something that shares more knowledge about things that are happening to communities where people live. This need is within the needs of others to read blogs that they create, which contain more interesting knowledge (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is a tool that helps others work together and strengthens what people learn in the classroom to go outside and share what they know from a single day of learning.
Follow the blogs on good and reliable sources that "can do things that can distinguish between what is right and what is wrong; when they work with materials from the Internet, they can distinguish between what is major in them and when they distinguish things that others have written and also give their thoughts on things that work in development (Oravec, 2002)."
Ottawa is the capital of Canada where people use two official languages and it has art galleries and museums that preserve the past and present of Canada.
We went to see Niagara Falls and not in Musoka, one place that looks nice and has other places too.
The people outside are saying that these people and more are following Ontario as if it is truly the place that represents Canada.
Those areas in our country do not have many people, and there isn't a place that is completely uninhabited.
Something about the school's insights within the population has led to many people being very angry: There are more African Americans living in the US than the number of citizens of Canada.
Eastern African islanders are located in the Indian Ocean, outside the eastern coast of Africa.
Madagascar is a very big and true place, and it is like a continent of its own, when we look at the wildlife there.
The people of the small islands are like independent countries, or they can be like part of France, or they can be like luxury beach resorts.
Indeed, the Arabs embraced Islam and came to these people, and they became the major religious influence in Comoros and Mayotte.
The concept of colonialism among people in Europe started in the 15th century, when the Portuguese explorer Vasco de Gama discovered the Cape Route while he was in Europe and went to India.
In the region of Sahel, it surrounds, and in the area of the west Atlantic Ocean, it surrounds.
The women: They are good at acting like women who are married, even if they aren't truly married.
He/She is good at wearing a ring (cannot wear a ring that looks expensive).
Women must behave as if people from other cultures can do things that they consider harassment, and often people can harm you, so hold your hand and be careful.
You must be strong in your words with men, don't pretend to be strong with boastful talk (this is the custom of this place, it's not okay for those who do it!).
Siti of Casablanca, in addition to the Berber men who established it around the 10th century BCE, and the Phoenicians, Romans, and Merenids, used it as an important port which they called Anfa.
The Portuguese ruined him in his house, and he had a small place near the White House, but they lost this place behind a hurricane that came in 1755.
The Moroccan sultans built this city, which is known as the Empty Quarter, and the Spanish traders called it Casablanca when they built their centers there.
Insight into the people of Casablanca is one of the places where there aren't good people because of things.
In those Medina areas, they are eager to find places that sell things belonging to Morocco, such as 'tagine', 'pottery', 'leather goods', 'hookahs', and all kinds of 'knick-knacks', but these things are mainly for tourists.
The area is a site that tourists like to visit inside the Democratic Republic of Congo in the eastern part close to Rwanda.
In the year 2002, the eruption of Mount Nyiragongo destroyed Goma and buried the crops of the town's inhabitants, and this became a major turning point for the town's name.
Even though Goma might seem safe, tourists who go to see places outside of Goma must be aware and understand what kind of conflict is happening in North Kivu province.
This site, it is the place where it is located near the Nyiragongo volcano together with others who hunt Mountain Gorillas. The price of these hunting gorillas is more reasonable than other prices inside Africa.
You can use motorcycle taxis (boda-boda) for travel within Goma. The local price for them is approximately 500 Congolese Francs per ride within that area.
All of them said, "Timbuktu, they love to go there and they use this name as a picture word for things of that kind, it is in their homeland."
Timbuktu is a town with not much, even though it has a good name that attracts tourists, and it has a lagoon.
In 1990, they put it on the list of 'world heritage sites' that are in very bad condition, because it was damaged by the western deserts over the decades.
It was one place where the PBS program "Wonders of the African World" by Henry Louis Gates made a big stop and looked at it.
This site of his is similar to others in those countries, because it looks more like an Arab place and not like an African place.
Kruger National Park (KNP) is located in the north-east of South Africa and runs along the border with Mozambique to the east, Zimbabwe to the north, and the Crocodile River forms the northern border.
This park covers 19,500 km² and it is divided into 14 'ecozones', each supporting various wildlife.
He is one of the things that are causing tourists to go to South Africa and who see him as an unimportant thing inside South African National Parks (SANParks).
Like the South African National Parks, some of these parks have 'conservation' and 'entry fees'.
He is eligible for one of the Wild Cards, which gives him permission to enter the parks in South Africa or South African National Parks.
Hong Kong Island is given the territory of Hong Kong, known as the place where many tourists know to go.
Other buildings that are covered by the sky of Hong Kong, they said it is like a bar chart, with signs and these scientific signs indicating that the waters of Victoria have come.
Go to see Hong Kong, leave the island and go to the waterfront district of Kowloon on the opposite side.
The other numbers of developments on Hong Kong Island are quickly located on numbers in the north, not on the land they previously acquired.
This is the place where the British 'colonizers' took things as their own. If you want to see things that bear the signs of the British 'colonizers' from the past, this is a good place to start.
The Sundarbans are the largest "littoral mangrove belt" among all land-based areas; their area is 80 km (50 mi) inland in Bangladesh and extends inland through India, sheltered by the Ganges delta.
They said that the Sundarbans is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. This area of the delta is located inside the territory called Sundarbans National Park in India.
These big buses are not just from the local area—they have some other big buses that were formerly used in the Gangetic Plain.
The Sundarbans covers an area of 3,850 km², and one-third of it is water/tidal flats.
In 1966, the Sundarbans were like a home for animals, and they estimated that there were 400 Royal Bengal tigers and around 30,000 spotted deer in this area.
Buses used to skip the 'inter-district bus station' (we are at the other station for water) at times, even when there were many, for those going to Jakar/Bumthang. They would skip the station in Namel at 6:30 or 7:30.
Small inter-district buses are running, they are good because one ticket is already pre-purchased before boarding the bus.
Many districts have Japanese Coaster Buses that run frequently, and you will arrive safely.
The taxi for pilgrims traveling with other pilgrims is a good mode of transport that goes and comes frequently to places that are close, like Paro (Flight 150) and Punakha (Flight 200).
The Oyapock River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge. It is located on the Oyapock River and connects the cities inside Oiapoque, Brazil, and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock, French Guiana.
That person jumped a distance of 83 meters, and for their part, 378 meters, and there is a 'lane' that is marked as 3.50 meters.
This 'vertical clearance' on the bridge is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011, and it wasn't operational for cars to travel up to May 2017.
This break, they made their time on top in September 2017, when they closed the 'customs checkpoints' of Brazil.
The Guarani are an impoverished people who currently live in the area they call Eastern Paraguay. They are skilled at negotiating and also know how to cultivate food in their gardens.
The Chaco region is home to other groups of Indigenous people like the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who have suffered abuse and are forced to scavenge for food from abandoned vehicles.
In 16th century Paraguay, they called it "The Giant Province of the Indies," and it came about when the Spanish took over the settlements.
People in Spain started from the heart of this group for the triple 'century' trip.
Since the time the Spanish arrived in Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has held many indigenous peoples and cultures of the Asley group that still remain.
Many others know about Argentina because they have a number one 'polo team' and 'polo players' among all the teams on earth.
Those major tournaments for the year will be held in December at the 'polo fields' in Las Cañitas.
You can also watch these tournaments and games here for the next four times in one year.
Regarding the news about which teams will get tickets to the polo games, blame the Argentine Polo Association.
The currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Pound (FKP) and its exchange rate is one to one with a British Pound (GBP).
You can send me money to one bank, but inside this island, it's at Stanley in the FIC West store.
You can use British pounds in most places on the island, and inside Stanley credit cards, or you can use United States dollars.
On those islands, outside of them, they don't have access to use "credit cards," although they can accept currency from Britain and the United States; their parents or guardians store it to save for when they need to use it for something.
He is close to instructing those I send currency to (outside the islands) that they must send money before you lose these islands.
Montevideo is located south of the Equator, so it experiences summer when the Northern Hemisphere is experiencing winter, and behind it lies the Subtropical Zone.
Montevideo is located in the subtropics; during the summer, the temperature there can reach +30°C.
During the winter season, the local temperature can be very high: the temperature doesn't really drop much even when snow is expected, but the water that remains in the winter can combine to make the place feel colder than what a thermometer says.
I don't have a "time for man" and a "time for sun": the life of man is able to remain similar to the life of all people throughout the years.
Even though the plants for the animals inside the park can see people, these good animals and others cannot give food to them or disturb them.
The park authorities say that everyone must stay 100 yards or more away from bears and wolves, and 25 yards or more away from other wild animals!
Even though they look like they are calm, bison, elk, moose, bears, and almost all of those big animals can fight.
In these years, many visitors have been injured on their bodies because they do not stay in good places. These animals are big, well, and can attack people, as if you give them their space.
Now, look at the smells that can attract bears and other animals, so you can't carry or cook food that has a strong smell and keep it clean.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. This town is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of approximately 40,000.
Apia became his/her/its capital in the 1850s and it became the first capital of the State of Samoa in 1959 and is now potentially becoming.
This harbor is the place where big ships first came in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the US, and Britain came to free this harbor.
Those ships, they sank, but one 'British cruiser' did not sink. Almost 200 lives of Americans and Germans were lost.
In the period leading up to independence, a movement was organized, one group moved to the town, and the chief, Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III, had died.
I have many gambus (or similar musical instruments), because Auckland has two bases located within it. All of these gambus that many people like are located in three areas.
The nambians who are located in North Shores (in the North Harbour district) are located in the Pacific Ocean and start from Long Bay on the west side and go to Devenport on the north side.
Almost all of the young people and people in that village are safe to swim, and many of them have good shade from the woven palm leaves that provide shade from the strong sun.
The nambians of Tamaki Drive are located in Waitemata Harbour, in the upmarket communities of Mission Bay and St Heliers in Central Auckland.
These good reefs are home to families and have good stores located close to these reefs. It is safe to swim in these reefs.
Number One is not a bad person, but he is nice and makes people feel good. Another local person is "Manta".
I have a lot of French wine for drinking, but the wines from New Zealand and Australia are easier to get.
The locals say the water from the top (of the stream) is safe to drink, but it's difficult to collect in a bottle if you are looking for water from the top of the stream.
A flat white coffee is a relatively new thing in Australia. A "short black" is essentially an "espresso," "cappuccino" that comes with cream (it's not "frothy"), and they don't know how to make tea with milk inside it.
Those chocolates are on the Belgium stand. They are big in the fruit juice business, but they are number one.
They are able to do a lot of rounds, going to various rips/breaks/damage all the time within one year, and damage comes to the body from this kind of thing that only happens once.
Therefore, listen to the words of the authorities, disregard all signs, and follow the good advice of the caregivers.
Box jellyfish appear every time the currents are strong during the wet season from October to April in the southern hemisphere, starting from 1770. Sometimes they can also appear outside of this time.
The bags are there, but they don't know how to eat people. Many of the bags know how to camouflage themselves and those that can swim go to the sea.
Saltwater crocodiles cannot stay in saltwater all the time; their primary place is in the waterholes located near Rockhampton.
The tradition of making a feast with sago for travelers will be done in this place, and I will consider what the people there will think, as if they will have a place to sleep when they arrive.
Often, travel agents work with individual hotels, and you'll see them as if you can use a local agent to arrange accommodation in other places, like camping grounds.
Travel agents offer packages that include breakfast, meals for your trip, and they can also provide prices for bus tickets and hotel rates.
They can make a 'reservation' for you if you need time to think about the 'offer' or take other documents to come to this place (e.g., a 'visa').
For those instances, you must say 'travel agent' if it doesn't go straight to the hotel.
In many of the old days, many of the numbers of other people used to enjoy music made here, and many of them used to do things like this; it's an unimportant part of this experience.
If you want to be close to the things you see, you will need to go down and find a place to make something close to music.
Think of it as even though the music for all the older people is finished, there are still some segments of the older people where they will continue to enjoy the music into the night.
The elder has a special area for family where they have small children making crafts for them.
If they put the Northern Baltic region in winter, search for the location of 'cabin', because when it moves around on the ice, it becomes a loud noise for the people who are hitting the ice.
The cruises that go to Saint Petersburg offer time to tour the city. Cruise passengers do not need to carry a visa (see the 'terms').
Casinos are known to deceive guests by exploiting the time and money they spend. They have no windows or clocks, and their exits are designed to mislead.
They have special food, drinks, and activities for the ladies, to make the guests feel special, and to keep them inside the business.
Some of the places that give free drinks containing 'alcohol' inside them. However, when people talk, they are unable to clearly say anything, and those good people who 'gamble' believe that they are unimportant in the thoughts of those who must stay honest.
One vehicle driving in a place that is higher up or in the mountains must consider that it could have snow, ice, or a very cold temperature.
On roads where there is no snow or ice, friction is not strong and you cannot drive as you would in cold weather.
During a blizzard, the snow can be so heavy that it can obstruct your vision and cause you to get stuck.
Yes, you will not be able to see well when it snows or when it turns to water or ice on the car windows.
In many places, ice and snow conditions are common, and cars are able to travel well during the winter.
Safari groups are bringing things that are taken by tourists going to Africa and big things for many visitors.
This person says 'safari' and many others use it to talk about traveling on the ground to see the wild animals of Africa, their animals of the 'savanna'.
Some animals, like elephants and giraffes, like to come close to cars and equipment because it helps you see good things.
Lions, 'cheetah' and 'leopard' are sometimes seen clearly in their home areas, and you will see them well if you use 'binoculars'.
A workabout safari (which can also be called a "bush walk", "hiking safari", or "going footing") is suitable for a workabout, either on the way or at a specific location.
The Paralympics will be held from August 24th to September 5th, 2021. All events will take place at various locations throughout Japan.
You will be like only one city in Asia to host the same (summer) Olympics, because it hosted the games in 1964.
If you experienced a flight to your home place in 2020, then they said that you will be in a similar situation.
The cancellation of certain things wasn't easy, but it started with the planting of the tree of life for the cancellation of those things that became because of the coronavirus. It wasn't certain that it would go by July 2020, when they were watching the Olympics.
They said that many tickets will be available from ¥2,500 to ¥130,000, and that the average price of one ticket will be around ¥7,000.
Ironing wet clothes can help people with dryness. Many hotels have irons and ironing boards available for guests to use, even if an iron is not readily available inside the room.
If someone isn't present, or if you don't think about what's inside the socks they have, alright, you can try using a hairdryer, if it's available.
You must be careful because the inside can get very hot. (This can cause the glue to shrink, or if it gets too hot, the glue will melt).
I have various things to make water become 'pure', some can do work to break down certain things that can become heavy.
In some areas, boil water for one minute is enough, but in other areas you will need to boil water for several minutes.
The filters on one of them are strong, and you must think, avoid you must think about the water in one bottle from one good company.
They can contaminate food animals with dangerous food that is unclear to them in the local area they came from.
Pests can spoil food, scratch skin, or, worse, cause allergic reactions, spread venom, or make an illness that spreads from one person to another.
Sick animals that spread disease, or animals that destroy and attack people with the intent to harm them, they don't come forward under the name "pest."
Duty-free shopping is a saving when you don't have to pay excise taxes in some locations.
They travel to countries that have a lot of taxes, where they can save a lot of money, which they can save on products like 'alcoholic beverages' and 'tobacco'.
These specific models at Point Marion and Fairmont are the best for driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway, often going into areas with little vegetation and staying on the road.
If you don't know how to drive on the roads outside the city, you must strengthen yourself: there are places where the road is broken or it goes up and down, there are small roads that don't have space for two vehicles, and there are sharp bends.
The wind speed capability of the spit is often 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) or more in other sections, and the ability of people to avoid it is more important than catching the words.
We don't know why the mobile phone service is strong here but not strong in many other areas of this region, like Pennsylvania Wilds.
German pastries are really good, and in Bavaria, they have great taste and many kinds, like the ones made by the people living to the south, in Austria.
I have many fruit pastries, and it has apples that they use to make pastries in it, and they last the whole year, and cherry pastries and plum pastries they make during the summer.
The crops of German food have 'almonds', 'hazelnuts', and other 'nuts'. The cakes that many people know and that go well with a strong cup of coffee.
If you like a small, tasty pastry, try these – they are called Berliner, Pfannkuchen, or Krapfen in different regions.
One curry is a food that uses herbs and spices, along with coconut milk.
One 'curry' can be "dried" or "wet" depending on the amount of water you use.
In many regions of Northern India and Pakistan, they use 'yogurt' in 'curry'; in Southern India and some 'coastal' regions of this place, they use coconut milk.
I have 17,000 islands to make one of them, the cuisine of Indonesia is one of the biggest names that encompasses all kinds of food you can find in the Indonesian regions.
Therefore, if you use this saying, this saying will mean food will come from the 'central' and 'eastern' part of Java Island.
They are located in the group of islands, Java food has 'seasoned dishes', and the flavor numbers of Java food are peanuts, 'chili', sugar (this is Java coconut sugar) and various 'aromatic spices'.
The stirrups support the legs of the rider as they come down to the seat of the saddle.
They can provide more 'stability' for the 'rider', but they can become heavy on the safety cell because the bad things of the 'rider' get inside them.
If a rider falls off a horse, but their leg is caught in the stirrup, the horse can pull them whenever it runs away. To overcome this heavy burden of falling, riders must do something to break free from it.
Number one, many riders know the riding boots that have one heel and one sole that is smooth on them.
All these things, this is a 'saddle', this is the English 'saddle', they have 'safety bars' that hold the 'stirrup leather' which will hold down if a 'rider' falls backward on the 'saddle'.
Cochamó Valley is known for being a place for climbing in Chile; it's the Yosemite of South America, and it has many large granite walls and crags.
The mountain has some nice things to see. The people who claim land in the community are working to create new paths to the many gardens.
"Downhill snow sports" include "skiing" and "snowboarding," they are sports that many people know and you will slide down a slope using "skis" or a "snowboard" that you strap to your feet.
Skiing is a kind of activity that many people like to do. They call them "ski bums." They are skilled at planning their holidays to go skiing in a particular location.
This idea of 'skiing' is ancient – there are paintings on stone caves showing people skiing as far back as 5000 BC!
Downhill skiing as one 'sport' goes back to times like the '17th century' or earlier, and in 1861 Norwegians established the number one 'recreational ski club' in Australia.
Backpacking by ski: This activity is also called 'backcountry ski', 'ski touring', or 'ski hiking'.
They are one kind, but they don't know how to do 'alpine style ski touring' or 'mountaineering'. This one, they can do it in places that are snowy and need 'skis' and 'boots' that are more suitable.
Consider a 'skiing route' as a type of 'hiking route'.
In that case, you will be able to pack more things if you ski and don't worry – but once you will get the equipment for 'cross country skiing' when you don't carry a heavy backpack on these ski trails.
Europe is a small continent, but it has many independent countries. Often, when you travel around, you'll have to go through many countries, which means you'll have to go through many 'visa applications' and 'passport control' more than once.
The Schengen area is evolving, sometimes it appears as if it is still one country.
If you are inside this 'zone', you can skip the border and you won't have to go to the 'passport control checkpoint'.
Once you have a Schengen visa, you don't need to apply for visas to each of the Schengen member countries, and this saves time, money, and paperwork.
I don't have one big word that everyone uses to describe things as "antique." Some agencies that deal with antiques say that things older than 100 Christmas [years] are "antique."
This person says it's sent to different places, some places like North America the number for Christmas isn't very big, but in Europe it will be big.
Those handicrafts are called antiques, even though they don't have the big, uniform quality like things factories make all at once.
The tradition of herding reindeer is an important job and name among the Sámi, and this work is also important to other groups who have other jobs within their communities.
The Sami people lived inside the work of taking care of many reindeer, but they lived by hunting fish, hunting bears and other kinds of animals, and many of them knew how to use reindeer to carry loads.
Many Sami people do the work for you. The work of providing service to tourists is a way to obtain money from the Sami, in Sami areas.
Although other people use it, this word "Gypsy" is not a good word because it is used in conversations about negative things and stereotypes about Romani people.
If the country you are going to and others say something you must take care of, then some services will come to you like 'travel health insurance' or 'trip cancellation insurance'.
You can take the information/advice that comes from the government that isn't yours yet, but the information/advice of theirs is for the citizens.
For example, American citizens in the Middle East will be staying with other people in Europe and Arab countries.
Those advisories are certain words that are becoming insight into the politics of a country.
Their thoughts are in this text, hoping they have written it clearly, but there isn't much information and they have done things that are like there isn't much inside it. If you want to compare with the information in the other place.
The weather is bad. It is a word that doesn't clearly describe the weather that can cause destruction, disturb people's lives, and cause people to die.
Bad weather can affect the food of this land, and it has food, so this will harm the place, environment, and atmospheric conditions.
High winds, excessive precipitation, and wildfires can happen because of bad weather, including thunderstorms, tornadoes, waterspouts, and cyclones.
The weather is bad for various reasons, such as blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms, and dust storms.
I have strong words that will be conveyed to all travelers about the weather that is expected to arrive in certain areas because the forecast will be issued for the planes of the travelers.
Another group made a plan to go to another country where workers can come and must receive training from professionals.
One search on the Internet for "Hostile environment course" might provide the address of a local company.
Another course will be presented with more information, along with some experiences, about the things we are talking about here.
One course will last 2-5 days and will include 'role play', plenty of 'first aid' and some training on various medical matters.
These books are magazines that talk about the customs of people living in their place, and nothing stays in one place, but there aren't many publications that talk about 'war zones'.
People traveling to get 'sex reassignment surgery' in other countries must have 'valid documents' to use when they return.
The government is giving passports to people who haven't marked (X) on a form identifying the man or woman they are giving the documents to, or the documents are being used to find someone whose name is the person going to the woman or the woman going to the man; they are repeatedly claiming the documents from different governments.
The official documents of those countries are not valid either.
Security measures at checkpoints have not improved much since September 11, 2001.
Other people want to send their gender, as they don't think they will be scanned and their privacy will be maintained.
Rip currents are strong ocean currents that form in reefs and flow towards the shore, often in a particular area.
Small, underwater geological features that are formed in deep places, and a fast current that moves through this deep area, can come up to the surface.
The harvest is getting big because people are working hard to swim against the current, and this is difficult to do.
When you come outside to the 'current', the swimming people will go back and won't bother me.
When swimming, stay in one area where the current doesn't pull you back. Keep an eye on your surroundings while swimming, and if there are other people nearby, think about who might be able to save you.
"Re-entry shock" is like a more prolonged version of "culture shock" (without a honeymoon phase), and it can last for a longer time, potentially even being more intense than the initial "culture shock."
Those who travel from abroad don't understand the difficulties of adapting to living in a new culture, but they understand the difficulties of adapting to the way of life in their own culture.
When you are staying in another country and come back to your home, you should leave your customs behind and let go of some of your own cultural customs.
When you have been to other countries for a real long time, you will become wise and try to understand things. You will know that travelers who are in other countries must respect the thoughts and customs of the people there.
Many people don't think it's polite to show disrespect and say something unimportant to travelers when they return home.
The Pyramid sound and light show is something that children like, and it is located in this area.
You can see the "pyramids" on the ground, and you can see the previous ones before the "show" started.
Every time you will receive stories from tourists and others doing things. This story of the stories and the light, it is truly like one storybook.
Spinx is located on the backside and he acts like a man working on a story.
They are the stories about the 'pyramid' and they seek to understand how they make light appear in all kinds of 'pyramids'.
The South Shetland Islands were discovered in 1819, and several countries have claimed them, with sixteen stations still active in 2020.
This group of islands is located 120 km from the Peninsula. The first largest island is King George Island, which has people staying at Villa Las Estrellas.
They are on Livingston Island, in the Deception area, a 'flooded caldera' of an active volcano that still gives some indication of this base.
Ellsworth Land is a range that is located on the south of the Peninsula, and the Bellingshausen Sea surrounds it.
The mountains of this Peninsula are connected with the inland grounds, and behind them lies a clear area that is formed by a 360 km chain of Ellsworth Mountains, which the Minnesota Glacier broke and pushed in two parts.
Hap not belonging to the Sentinel Range is found on several mountains in Antarctica, Vinson Massif, and Mount Vinson, where its height is 4892 m.
In places where there is no permanent settlement, you can only use a satellite phone.
A satellite phone can't connect to the location of a mobile phone because you need to be outside and see the satellite clearly to make a call.
This service is often used by ships and 'pleasure craft', along with 'expeditions' that need to use 'remote data' and 'remote voice'.
Your telephone service provider will be able to give you more information on how you can connect to this service.
Something that many people who work to plan for it have a 'gap-year' where they work to allow them to travel and learn things.
This one plants others to leave school to work and make, this one makes them take one year of vacation to the island before they go to university, and they don't stop school for them.
Often, the experience of enrolling and going on a 'gap-year course' in other countries can expand your opportunities to move to a bigger school in your home country instead.
Often there will be schools to enroll in for this education program.
Finland is a good country for sailing around the world. This "thousand round-the-world places" has many thousands of islands inside the round-the-world and in the seas.
On small islands and in the outer islands, you probably won't need a yacht.
The small islands in the whole world and the number one big round-the-world race will have a 'yacht' or small boat or 'kayak' that can give those who want to take the coconuts.
Boating is a pastime that people in Finland really like to do. They have many boats, and one boat can accommodate 7 or 8 people.
This one is the same kind in Norway, Sweden, and New Zealand, but it is a smaller amount (for example in the Netherlands, this number is 40).
Baltic Cruises' plants are aware of the other ones who are staying for a while in St. Petersburg, Russia.
This one is like you can see the site that has history of it from some time when you come back at night and sleep on the ship.
If you go on a shore excursion with a cruise ship, you will not need to obtain another visa (this has been in effect since 2009).
The cruises say that they take people to Berlin, Germany, according to their brochures. As you can see on the map, it's located above Berlin and is not close to Solwara. A single visit to the city is not included in the cruise price.
The experience of flying on wings is one way to make people have different Christmas and come to different places that are beautiful; it's more likely if they haven't flown before or have been inside something bad that happened to their wings before.
He doesn't have anything to do with them: he doesn't rely on other things that people pretend to be good at or other things that many people consider easy for him.
Among people, it's good to be clear about how one person can work and what things can happen when a person runs and can help others to overcome the bad things that come from things they don't understand, or they act as if they don't control things.
Courier companies are good at bringing things quickly. Often, it's important for me to do this with business documents, merchandise, or spare parts for a quick repair.
On one route, the big companies have a lot of supplies, but on other routes and for small businesses, there was a problem.
If they carry something in their backpacks, on that route they will encounter a lot of problems going inside for unloading and customs.
One can only hand over something to him to keep; he will treat it like a piece of 'checked luggage'. The 'airline' will not have to deal with baggage that doesn't have proper documentation, and here you will be of help.
For the first class or business class, they use a lot of money to get this nice service (or, it's better, your company uses this money for you).
However, this will not come at a cheap price: many times, you can afford the price as it goes up for those times again at the price of the economy class for taking business class tickets, and you will afford the price as it goes up 11 times more for taking first class tickets.
I don't have the authority to ask for a discount price from business class or first class on direct flights to another place from where I am going.
The company's agents are very good because they have a group of people who are eager to get a large return on their money by receiving good service inside the agents, as if they know how to get this kind of price.
The capital of Moldova is Chișinău. The local language of this place is Romanian, but they also use Russian in many places.
Moldova is a republic that has various houses that have suffered a lot from war and conflict, and the houses have been damaged.
In 1994, this cross-border conflict led to the emergence of a country called Transnistria Republic from eastern Moldova, which did not yet have a government or currency of its own, but was not recognized by the UN as a member state.
They strengthened the economic links between the two parts of Moldova, even though political talks did not yield good results.
People of faith in Moldova are Orthodox Christians.
Izmir is number three for the largest cities inside Turkey with a population of around 3.7 million, number two for the port behind Istanbul, and it is a major center for transportation.
Bipo was the site that was called Smyrna, now it has become like the city of today, it has fully developed, and many businesses can come to it. It is located around a base and mountains surround it.
Those roads, those buildings have glass from and the shops of today they have these 'red-tiled roofs' which are traditional, '18th century' made, and those 'mosques' and churches, but this city is like one of the Mediterranean Europe cities and it is not Turkey of the past.
This small settlement of Haldarsvík, you can stay in it and look at the view of the island of Eysturoy which is close to it, and it has another kind of sheep whose shape is like an 'octagon'.
In the recesses of this museum, there are other kinds of statues that the artisans made from marble and are placed on some stone.
You won't have time in your life to worry about things like that when you go to this small place that has all sorts of things.
In the village, he lives in a place that is easy to go to, and they call it Sintra because it has history and is really nice, and many people from other countries know it, and whenever they read the talks of Lord Byron about nice things that are there.
The Scotturb Bus 403 always stops at Sintra and Cabo da Roca when it goes there.
You are not allowed to go to the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima (Shrine), a place that everyone knows and respects because of the stories of Mary, Jesus' mother, appearing there.
Please consider that you will see a big mat that they planted many others on, and these places have great meaning to many people on this land.
There are many people still alive who were here in those times, and many more who have died or perished in the struggle, both Jews and non-Jews.
Please respect this place. Do not make trivial remarks about the Holocaust or Nazis.
Don't ruin this place when you put marks or scrap 'graffiti' inside things.
The first team members of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. Almost all of the others are from where they know Catalan, a larger number know it, and almost everyone else knows Spanish.
However, the plants of the locals speak in their native Catalan, because he says that he is the number one native language of this group.
Therefore, they use local Spanish language on public transport and other places.
They have an insight into the Metro that they know how to do with local Catalan, but they don't have plans to make it an 'automatic' system that can generate this insight for all kinds of languages like Spanish, English, French, Arabic, and Japanese.
The people in Paris have a reputation for being unkind to people they consider inferior, thinking they are less important than others, and they don't behave well.
Even though this is a stereotype that isn't true, the first thing about people who live in Paris is that they are good people, like someone who is "well-bred" (whose parents educated them well). It will be difficult for them to go and come to Paris.
The customs of the others in Paris will be strict if you bring some good customs.
Plitvice Lakes National Park has many types of trees, many of these trees are 'beech', 'spruce', and 'fir' trees, and it has a mix of Alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
They have lots of food because of the variety of microclimates on their land, and the soil types and ground levels are found there.
This area is the place for all kinds of animals and fish.
Those animals that are not commonly found in this place, such as 'European brown bear', 'wolf', 'owl', 'lynx', 'wild cat', and 'capercaillie', live in other places, along with other animals that live in those places.
When you go see the 'monasteries', the women must wear these wraps (knee) and also wrap their shoulders (solda).
The plants belonging to the "monastery" can give sleeping mats to women who are not yet ready to come, but if you bring a sleeping mat, it's better to bring one that has bright colors, then you will get a smile from a "monk" or a "nun" in the place where you go inside.
When you go out, men must wear trousers that are tight around the knee.
These two of them borrowed from the trousers that are in his bag, but these clothes they don't know how to wash behind for one woman who wears them as if you won't be able to handle wearing these skirts well. For the men, one size can fit all men!
Majorcan cuisine, as with many areas in the Mediterranean, makes use of bread, garden vegetables and meat (often pork), and uses olive oil in everything.
A dish that many people like, they like to make during the summer, is Pa amb Oli: bread with olive oil, tomato, and something that gives a flavor like 'cheese', tuna fish, and things like that.
All nouns, we are related to this word "Sie" of yours. They always start with a capital letter, even if they are inside the name of a sentence.
This refers to the impotence of understanding subjects and objects in a sentence.
Yes, he can make the ritual of the next stage more difficult, but the ritual of writing is a small thing when you want to find out, because when a 'verb' or 'adjective' uses the inside of its 'substantivized form'.
Pronunciation is Italian from the local way because many of their words they know how to pronounce as how they write them.
They learn to pronounce 'c' and 'g' because their pronunciation is similar to 'vowel' sounds that come after them.
Listen up, you must pronounce 'r' and 'rr' as you would in the following examples: 'caro' means 'the other one', and 'carro' means 'chariot'.
His native language has a complex grammar that is difficult to learn.
As you read this 'grammar primer', it will truly help you with the grammar of the local language Persian, and you will understand it well in everyday conversation.
It's really clear that, if you know one local Romance language, it will be easier for you to learn Portuguese.
However, people who know a little Spanish can think of Portuguese as being very similar to Spanish and don't need to study it much.
Former observatories are no longer used as such today, but now they function as museums or educational places.
Light pollution is not a problem in the places where we live today. It is common in cities or schools, and it is easy to access and not like what we built today.
Many of these research telescopes are big facilities that are located in good places with good atmospheric conditions.
The tradition of viewing cherry blossoms, we call it hanami, it is a custom of the Japanese culture since the '8th century' and it came.
This custom comes from China, where they are familiar with 'plum blossom'.
In Japan, the emperor would host parties for his top "cherry blossom" girls and members of the aristocracy in the Imperial Court.
Many plants look very nice inside their own environment, so don't try to remove just one and take them as 'specimens'.
If you go to a garden where they are straightening things for the visitors to see, the custom of collecting "specimens" will make them get rid of you, and they won't talk much.
Singapore is safe for visitors, and you can do all sorts of things when you come here.
Therefore, because it is located in the "high tropics," a certain "degree" away from the "equator," you will need to be inside in the heat (all the time) and strong sun (when the sun is clear, this doesn't happen often).
Yes, there are some buses that go to the area not far from Hebron. This is the place where they planned the foundations of faith inside the Bible, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their wives.
If you think the bus will take him inside and it won't go close to the settlement of the Jewish people in Kiryat Arba.
The things they have inside their place are good things for me to do for a holiday there.
For example, if you go see the castles inside the Loire Valley, Rhine Valley, or take a 'cruise' on the beautiful cities of the Danube, or 'boating' on the Erie Canal.
Yes, they know how to make the routes that other people use to go about their work or cycle on them.
Christmas is one of the important holidays of Christianity, and people celebrate this day as a good deed of Jesus.
Many of the traditions that others do during this holiday, those who are not Christian and countries that are not Christian, still respect the people of the land.
I have a tradition of not being able to sleep on Easter night and staying in one place where I can clearly see the sun rise.
I have some Christians who speak about this tradition, but it is a kind of thing like the Spring and Fertility traditions before the time of Christian belief.
The church members who followed the old customs before, held an Easter Vigil in Sarere this Easter weekend, and there were church people who came together and held a celebration at midnight until morning, when the followers of Christ were resurrected from the dead.
Those animals that came to the island came here by swimming, flying, or traveling on the water.
Over such a long distance between continents, "mammals" were unable to evolve to do the same work, and this led to the "giant tortoise" becoming the number one grazing animal inside the Galapagos.
When the men came to the Galapagos, many 'mammals' that they took came as mothers, horses, cows, rats, cats, and dogs.
If you go see the Arctic or Antarctic area during the winter time, you will see 'polar night', which means the sun does not rise above the 'horizon'.
This is a good opportunity to see the Aurora Borealis when the sky opens up near the South Pole.
In this area, there aren't many people, so often light pollution won't be a problem, and you'll be able to see the stars.
Japanese culture for work has others like it, and it is more formal than what Westerners are used to.
They are all well-established businesses, and people can contact each other by family name or job titles.
The atmosphere inside the workplace is a big thing, and they like teamwork and don't like gossiping about what one worker does.
Those workers must accept the correct instructions from those who were in charge before them, and they must obey the instructions from those they are currently working for, and they are not allowed to ask questions.
